{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Allen Tran \"SOPA & NDAA D=\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYI9RQ4YYM9W1","Helpful Votes":"8.0/9.0","Review":"The wet wipe [I do use the official Swiffer wipes] comes out dripping wet and dries out immediately after cleaning a little bit of hardwood flooring. I tried mopping my apartment's floors and had to go through three wet wipes before giving up. For real (moderate to dirty floors) cleaning the Swiffer is just not hefty enough to do the job. I would suggest buying a simple $20 mop, bucket, and soap setup instead. It'll last a lot longer and will take much less time than dealing with this wimpy \"mop.\""}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Aron L. Steinman \"Aron\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A10UVOPGAF1C8T","Helpful Votes":"8.0/9.0","Review":"The price was reasonable;less then $10.00 when purchased. The description reads : \"Starter kit includes 1 Sweeper, 6 dry sweeping cloths, 4 wet mopping cloths, and 1 Swiffer Duster\" However I only received 2 dry sweeping cloths and one wet moppmg cloth along with the other items, not 6 dry and 4 wet as described. I didn't bother to return. When you zoom in on the picture of the box, you can see that it is only 2 dry and one wet that are in the box. They should fix the description."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"JSBauter \"ArtistSpirit\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A34SPHIAJM6IX1","Helpful Votes":"23.0/30.0","Review":"I bought one of these things hoping that it would make for quick clean ups around the kitchen but all it does is push dirt all around the floor making messy dirt lines. I would prefer to give the swiffer 1 and a half stars as it does pick up hair but that is about it. It fills up pretty quick meaning you have to change it out alot which means throwing money away all the time on those dry and wet refills. After wasting time and energy pushing hair and dirt around I could have used an old fashioned broom to sweep the kitchen up more neatly the first time. I learned my lesson there is no easy way to clean up so I won't buy any more hoky products claiming to help make life a little easier."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"G. Charles Steiner","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3NK6P0QFDUZL2","Helpful Votes":"5.0/5.0","Review":"The handle of the Swiffer is easy to put together, one-two-three. The starter kit comes with one wet cloth and two dry cloths. The wet cloth was difficult to open so I used a pair of scissors. The dry cloths grab up a lot of nasty dust and crud. It's best to use the Swiffer wet and/or dry cloths fairly regularly since neither does a great job cleaning up really dirty floors. This is my second kit now. While the handle for the Swiffer is sturdy, it is meant only for sweeping. I tried to use the Swiffer for banging against a heating vent to let my neighbors downstairs know they were making a racket, and the handle broke. I had been using it for years and had decided to use it for something it hadn't been invented to be used for. Great kit and great product. I highly recommend it."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"thia","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2IEX6RTEHI5DC","Helpful Votes":"12.0/15.0","Review":"I move to a 1000 sq ft apatment with almost all white tiles and it was so difficult to clean. I needed something and thought the Swiffer would help. Their wet pads just pushed dirt all over, left dirt lines and didn't even clean around the grout lines even though I went through the area first with the dry pads for dirt. I would go through ~10 wet pads to \"clean\" my floors plus I would then have to go over the entire floor with my mircofiber towels. That did the job so I thought if I can replace their pads with a microfiber pads, it might work so I went on Amazon and found a microfiber cleaning pad, Tersano cleaning cloths and they fit the Swiffer head snuggly, not the XL. It works!!! I don't have to continuously buy the chemical or dry pads to fill our landfills. The Tersano cloth pads are washable and because it thicker and absorbent, it cleans much better and doesn't deposit dirt in the floor grouts. The investment in the Tersano pads was ~$6.00 and the original Swiffer starter kit was ~$11; not bad considering a typical sponge mop is ~$18 and are horrible on tile. Buy the Swiffer but don't waste money or time with their wet or dry pads."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Kelly A. Garbato \"Go then, there are other wo...","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AMIZLF43R33I5","Helpful Votes":"12.0/15.0","Review":"I live with two dogs and a cat, all of which shed like mad. Before finding the Swiffer, I had to lug the vacuum around and use the extension to suck all the fur off of my hardwood floors - and that didn't even pick up most of the hair. Now, I use the Swiffer twice a week and my floors are hair-free. Granted, the pads tend to fill with hair quickly, and I end up going through two each time I clean the house. To extend their life, I pick large clumps of hair off the pad as I go and use both sides of each pad as well. They're also great for dusting (no cleaning solutions required), and sometimes I'll use the pads for light dusting and then clean the floors with them. The Swiffer is great for cleaning those hard-to-reach places, too - especially under the bed. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it's not quite as good picking up dirt - it can tend to just push the dirt around. But overall, it's certainly better than using a broom!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Shawn \"Shawn\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SA8ANKIC8ZCQ","Helpful Votes":"9.0/11.0","Review":"I resisted buying a Swiffer for a long time because my mom told me they were junk. I finally gave in and bought the mop, as well as a package of dry and wet cloths since P&G generously included only 1 of each. The wet pads fall off the mop constantly after just one swipe across the floor, it's impossible to even use them at all. I can't believe they would even sell a map with a clipping mechanism that is so weak. I also don't like that I have to touch the wet pads with my hands to try to get the chintzy plastic clips to hold the pad to the mop. It's awkward and I don't know what chemicals they put in these. My mop was defective and the extension button does not work. The wet pads leave my floor sticky. The dry pads just push dirt and dust around without actually picking any of it up. This product was meant to replace my broom and wet mop and so far it's been useless and a huge waste of money. You'll end up having to sweep anyway after to use it. Save your money and don't buy into the hype."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"D. M.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3V4TFQENXPPZC","Helpful Votes":"4.0/4.0","Review":"disappointing. The thing is so small that you'd need at least several changes of the cloth to actually clean one room. I live by myself in a very small apartment and it couldnt even get everything clean. Not a price efficient purchase. I would have been better off with a traditional mop and broom. When I tried to send Swiffer a money back request (as part of their cash back guarantee) they said they never received anything. They said my request was prob lost in the mail. Oh really Swiffer? How convenient for them. I am never trusting this company again."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ali Julia","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2D1LPEUCTNT8X","Helpful Votes":"3.0/3.0","Review":"I have been using Swiffer Sweeper for many years and just purchased a new one. The reason I purchased a new mop is that after 4 years of constant use the teeth that hold the cleaning cloth became loose and no longer hold it for the entire cleaning session, especially when I use the wet cleaning cloths which generate more friction with the floor. I noticed that P&G slightly changed the design of the mop, and this review I will describe not only the pluses and minuses of the mop but also will compare the new mop to the older model. I am attaching a collage of three photos numbered 1 through 3 under customer photos that I will be referencing in this review. I LIKE: ------- 1. Swiffer Sweeper is very very convenient and easy to use. The mop is very light and causes no back strain. I have had two back surgeries yet using this mop creates no strain on my back. Both wet and dry cloth attach easily and do a nice job cleaning. I usually use the dry cloth first to pick dust and hair, and then use the wet cloth for the final cleaning. The wet cloths have a nice pine smell that makes the house not only look clean by smell clean. 2. This mop has no motor so it makes no noise. I can watch TV or talk on the phone while cleaning the house. If I am talking on the phone the other person does not even know I am multi-tasking. This makes it a real timer saver! 3. The mechanism that holds the cleaning cloth is the best among different mops of this type. The plastic teeth eventually become loose, but it took several years before I could not finish the entire cleaning job without having to re-tuck the cleaning cloth. 4. The height of the mop is adjustable, so it can be shortened to storage or for use by shorter people. I DON'T LIKE: ------------- 1. The handle of the Swiffer Sweeper is thick and does not fit into my favorite broom holder Spectrum 33000 Mop And Broom Holder. At one point I switched to using a different brand mop because I could store it in the Spectrum mop holder. However the other brand mop did not hold the cloths as well as the Swiffer Sweeper, and I had to constantly re-tuck the cloths back into the slots on the sweeper head. So I went back to the Swiffer even though I could not neatly store it in the holder. Photo #1 has a picture of the old Swiffer Sweeper next to the new one. You can see how the old teeth are permanently depressed which causes them not to hold the cleaning cloth as well as they did when the mop was new. Photo #2 shows the heads of the old and the new mop next to each. You will notice that the new head is a bit wider than the old one. This made me concerned that the old cleaning cloth will not fit as well, but that concern was unwarranted. The old cloths fit the new slightly larger mop head just fine. Photo #1 shows one of the older cleaning cloth attached to the new mop. Photo #3 shows two mops next to each other. The mechanism that control the height of the new mop was tightly wrapped with red tape. It was so tightly wrapped that initially I thought it was part of the handle, but at a closer inspection I was able to remove the tape to reveal the knob that controls the length the mop. Photo #3 also shows the difference in the handles. The new mop is still too thick for my Spectrum mop holder, but now it has a big loop which can be used to hang the mop. The old mop had just a small hole which did not fit any of my hooks. I like the new design better. I am looking forward to four more years (or more!) with the new Swiffer Sweeper. I recommend it! Ali Julia review"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"DJ Rod","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AMO1IF82IXYS5","Helpful Votes":"3.0/3.0","Review":"I had the old model... the head kept falling off the handle which was really annoying, but I used it until it actually wore out because the duster does such a great job, and that comes from a clean freak!! This new model.. EVEN BETTER!!! The head does NOT fall off, and the handle is longer and more ergonomic in design. Only negative is that the head is a bit wider, so I had to move some things (furniture, pictures on walls, etc.) to dust around them...once. Now I am ready to clean more efficiently than ever."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"GMX","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A25YXD2ZVE77F9","Helpful Votes":"3.0/3.0","Review":"I've had one of these for years as my floor cleaning solution... I was never crazy about cleaning my floors, until I learned about other products which made life much easier and more satisfying. I will NEVER go back to a Swiffer. I highly recommend instead buying a good quality mop with reusable heads/pads, depending on your floor type and cleaning needs. Some examples: - Scotch-Brite M-005 and an extra pad or two; this is excellent for dry dusting as well as for damp mopping (using a handheld spray bottle of floor cleaner) of hardwood floors - Rubbermaid Commercial Hygen mop handle with the green dust mop pad with looped fringes... EXCELLENT for dust mopping (although if you want 1 mop for both dry and damp, go with the Scotch-Brite; the Rubbermaid is better for dry, but not nearly as good for damp mopping, so the M-005 is a better all-around solution) - Libman Wonder Mop for light duty wet mopping (if you don't mind using a small bucket) - Bona or Rubbermaid Reveal spray mops (if you DO mind using a bucket) Why do I dislike the Swiffer? - Flimsy handle; feels like it will snap under pressure, and it also flexes so much that it's difficult to transmit pressure to the floor surface when you do need to (should only be occasionally) - Small width; takes much much longer to get through a room since you need more passes - Pads tend to get things stuck under them easily, and drag them around on the floor, potentially scratching it - Wet pads dry out very quickly. I can just barely get through my small kitchen on 1 pad, and of course the quality of the clean diminishes as the pad dries out. I will say the Swiffer DRY pads are actually pretty good, but you're still stuck with the small head, and it still doesn't come close to one of the choices above."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"S. Adams","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATIESBC64TJO","Helpful Votes":"3.0/3.0","Review":"Go ahead and google this. These are super handy, but if you have animals around and you notice them throwing up, you know there is something wrong with the picture."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Jay","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1YMG8M4596W0F","Helpful Votes":"3.0/3.0","Review":"I recommend this product if you have a small kitchen area with no pets. Otherwise you're wasting your time. It doesn't pick up everything with either the mop or broom floor cleaners and is especially useless if you have any pets because of the hair. This product isn't bad, it's just not as effective as a broom or mop. With the 40+ I spent on refills and the Swiffer, I could have bought a quality broom and mop. So again, this product is GREAT if you have a small area to clean with no pets and you're doing it on a daily basis. Otherwise I wouldn't recommend it."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"manhattanville","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1Q0ERVI66087L","Helpful Votes":"3.0/3.0","Review":"Garbage. The swiffer handle broke after just four uses, at the green acrylic joint. I have a 200sqft apartment and the wipe doesn't even last for half of that before it's just pushing dirt around - this is with daily cleaning. Don't buy it."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"R. Sisemore \"funfunkyfantastic\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AX58NOHE9W1EH","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"I don't really use the dry mop option because I usually have more than dust on the floor to sweep up. And it really only traps dust and hair... that's it. I usually use it for wet mopping my kitchen and bathroom. I have a very small kitchen (apartment), so it is great for mopping my kitchen floor. Wouldn't recommend using it on anything bigger than a small kitchen or bathroom. For bigger mopping jobs use the swiffer wet jet. Haven't tryed the sweep and vac, but I figure it would be a better option for sweeping."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Nicole Martinez \"Reviews by Cole\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AAYJA4GME03V6","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I remember some years ago when the Swiffer came out and was being marketed by Tupperware; it seemed really cool and futuristic and it still does! The Swiffer sweeper probably cannot replace your broom because some things are just too big to be picked up, but it does a great job at picking up anything a regular broom missed so all you need is a quick, imperfect sweep and then running the Swiffer over your floor will leave it clean and bare. The swiffer is especially good for picking up hair and dust and, with hair, rather than getting stuck to broom bristles, dragging all over the floor and becoming icky, you never see it again once it sticks to the Swiffer cloth. I love the use this in my bathroom where a broom would fail to clean up the dust, lint and hair which make up the majority of the dirt on the floor. Unlike a regular broom, which you also have to clean after use (fuzz, hair and general \"ick\"), just pull off the cleaning cloth and you're done - unless, that is, you want to mop with the Sweeper and then you can put on the wet cleaning pads and mop away. Although thee sweeper is extremely light, it feels pretty durable and is also easy on my hands, unlike some brooms which leave my hands sore, with rash or marked. The Starter kit comes with the sweeper and dry and wet clothes. I'd never used a Swiffer with the wet cloths but do own the Swiffer Wet Jet. I must say, the regular old Swiffer with the wet cloths might do a better job, faster and easier! It's also easy to put together. It's common sense and you needn't even look at the directions. Just snap the metal poles together to form the handle and to attach to the sweeper part and you're done! The handle even has a hook on the end to hang up in your closet or pantry. The rooms I use my Swiffer one are pretty small: kitchen, bathroom and laundry area so one dry cloth picked up everything without a problem but the wet cloth wasn't quite enough to mop all 3. If you have larger rooms or a lot of dirt, sweeping first (or only sweeping) might be a better option for you. However, for me, this lightweight sweeper is a great supplement (and possibly) replacement which makes sweeping and mopping quick, easy and hassle free! I would definitely recommend this to anyone sick of the broom and mop method!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pen Name","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2D2069RBDD3O9","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"I bought this item mainly for an apartment kitchen and bathroom. It does the job very well. However the downside is that clothes for the sweeper is expensive. I used 2 high end quality tissues attached to the sweeper head for every I sweep the floor in stead of microfibre or whatever. The sweeper sold by Amazon can be dismantled into 4 parts which is the thing that I am most interested. The one sold by Walmart doesn't do it. So Amazon sweeper is mobile and you can take it to anywhere you want."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"oneZANYgirl","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A38TMZ2QYOUP54","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"I have bought a Swiffer starter kit earlier and I have no issues with the product. However I feel that the description of the item is insufficient. This a a 2 in 1 starter kit. (even though it is priced higher than the 3 in 1 starter kit available on and sold by Amazon itself). I would have never ordered it if I knew this. Both these items are available for a dollar lesser (each) in costco (without any coupon)."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"leosaysger","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2S7E67N98NED2","Helpful Votes":"4.0/5.0","Review":"Every once in a while, I clean compulsively. As if shaken from a dream or a bad marriage, I suddenly notice the clutter I've been cohabiting with for a better part of a month. The grayish tint to the floorboards become less homey and more derelict. The odd smell begins to resemble something disturbingly close to rotting flesh. Everything in the room snaps from sepia to a harsh fluorescent, casting light into every dank crevasse of my life. I start rummaging through the mess, assessing the damage. \"Wow, this trash is really piling up\", \"This window is full of cobwebs\", and \"I guess I own a cat.\" I start to view my very existence in a new light. I am no longer an adorable, up and coming, independent yuppie with my whole life in front of me. I am now a directionless, confused manchild with dangerously low self-esteem and whose college-aged idealism is in its death throes. I wince at the crusty layer of dust and hair caking the windowsills and lining the baseboards. I wince at the realization that ultimately we will all return to dust, regardless of how hard we flail and gnash our teeth. That's when I pull out my Swiffer Sweeper and solve both the conundrum of my rapidly decaying living space and my all consuming ennui in one fell swoop. I click together the easy to assemble rods and get right to the almost hypnotic ritual of cleansing which grants me some illusion of control, some semblance of order. I breathe deep the dust kicked up out of corners and swirling in the air. It burns my nose and the back of my throat. It reminds me that I should neither fight nor acquiesce to the interminable void. It reminds me that I should take this little ball of entropy we call life and claim it as my own. All-in-all it's great. The regular dry pad kicks up dust a bit so get the microfiber pad."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Love the Lake","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LFIIB1AQ9ER5","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Have had a swiffer sweeper for years...probably was one of the first people to purchase years ago...and this was a replacement for my well used swiffer. i love the new design: the old swiffer would come apart while swiffering (is that a word??) and was rather annoying. with this swiffer, the handles snap together rather than screw together and are much more stable. the head of the swiffer swivels to get into tight places and the design is very ergonomic. the pads are amazing. they pick up dust you didn't even know you had. i can vacuum my wooden floors...and then swiffer them...and the amount of dust that is on the pad is just amazing. loved this product years ago...and with the new design...it is even better than before."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"getterdun \"getterdun\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ANOQD96JX3IR0","Helpful Votes":"4.0/5.0","Review":"I discovered a new use for our Swiffer that I want to share, since it might save someone else some time. If your front and back car windows are hard to clean by hand, try this. First, unsnap the top section of the Swiffer handle, giving you about an 18\" handle with the Swiffer head at the end. Then, attach a small microfibre cloth to the head, spray some car window cleaner on the cloth, and wipe your car windows. It actually makes doing this fun. After I wiped mine, I attached a dry microfibre cloth and wiped them again to dry them good."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Jenny Gilbert","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2K49QKTB5D20N","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"This is a great way to clear hardwood floors and also kitchen linoleum. It is quick and easy. It's also a breeze on your back, since you do not have to bend over. My chiropractor really appreciated this aspect. ;) The only problem I have with this is that the swiffer sheets get covered very quickly. While I love the convenience of it, I question the environmental impact."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Eileen Nephin Bish \"Grammylammy\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQSRMOFBTBFP7","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Cleanliness is next to godliness - at least that was what my mAother said - she would have appreciated this \"sweeper\" even if it has no wheels it does the job on my kitchen floor and I can even manuveur it on my stairs - and they are clean! As the owner of 2 cats - one of which is a long haired kitty - believe me - this is a huge endorsement."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"John Platt \"alwaysonjohn\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3STQ45XNMV62B","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"This is probably the cheapest \"Mop\" i have ever seen. I almost broke mine trying to scrub my floor with it. The cheap aluminum put together mop is extremely unstable and scrubbing floors is impossible with it even though the swiffer is made to scrub on the sides. It's worthless unless you get a better swiffer mop at the store, and if that's the case then don't waste your money on this kit. I ended up just using my normal mop since I could clean the floor better with it. The whole point of the swiffer is that I don't have to get out the pine sol and fill up the sink and make a mess, but this swiffer does not do that due to the cheaply made included mop. Just keep your real mop nearby if you decide to purchase this kit since I know you will go back or get a real kit at wally world. The only person this might be for is the dorm kid that has never mopped in his life and just wants to slide this mop on the floor for a minute to say he mopped."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A38MHPAC3NUN9E","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"It's not that bad... It picks up most of dirt and hair pretty good. I bought the wet ones and they do a little bit of a better job. You can't do a whole house that is for sure. I have a 1,200sqf place with wood floors and it takes at least 2. But its faster then mopping and I think does a better job."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Konstar","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AIEVNBNPK2W0Y","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"It's a Swiffer, enough said. I bought this on Amazon because CVS was out of stock. Cheap and came with two dry and one wet pad. Works well for any type of hard flooring."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Susan A. Smith","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AT5JM58IP282G","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"This swiffer has been around for a long time, but it still works as good as ever. One thing I use it for that I don't know if other people try, is to wash down walls. I use the wet pads for this. It works great at removing dust and dirt from walls! It is also very easy to use on the walls because of the length of the handle. Especially good on bathroom walls that are subjected to steam."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Laura Harris \"wjhljj\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AY69V7F66UAZ9","Helpful Votes":"4.0/5.0","Review":"I bought this to do quick clean ups in two small bathrooms with tile floors and it does a Great Job. No Complaints at all. I am not sure it is up to the task of a large kitchen floor as this kit ACTUALLY comes. The description says: Starter kit includes 1 Sweeper, 6 dry sweeping cloths, 4 wet mopping cloths, and 1 Swiffer Duster. IN REALITY you will be getting 1 Sweeper, TWO dry sweeping cloths, ONE wet mopping cloth and NO Swiffer Duster. You will not be getting 4 extra dry cloths, 3 extra wet cloths, and you will not get a duster. One wet cloth will not be enough to do a large floor. It gets too dirty. Even for the $8.00 I paid it is a decent price it you want to try it out. I would have gladly paid a little more to get a Starter Kit as it was described.. I could have actually done my whole house and had enough pads left to tide me over until I ordered the refills. I may do as others suggested and just order pads I can toss in the washer and reuse. The swiveling head makes it very easy to do a quick mop and clean."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"WoodyWW","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A299OB5PXP7N7C","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Frankly, I don't want to admit how long it's been since I mopped my 60 y.o. linoleum kitchen floor. It's a small kitchen, maybe 7\"x8\", but there's always so much cleaning--& yardwork-- to do inside & out of my old s.f. house that I somehow avoid mopping the kitchen floor like the plague. (I do vacuum, & \"spot clean\" the kitchen floor ). Anyway, I'd had the bucket, & sponge-mop sitting in the kitchen for too long--w/o doing the job of course--& when I went to my local \"warehouse club\" & they had a great deal on the dry, & wet, refills for this thing, I bought them. (I then had to go to another store to buy the actual \"starter kit\" with the handle, go figure). Today I started using the wet pads to clean the kitchen floor (after vaccuming). Right now, I'm about 2 hours in to it, & have used maybe 6 of the wet pads. I can't tell that it's one bit easier than using a sponge-mop & a bucket; maybe even less so, but it's such an unpleasant job that it's like debating which kind of root canal is best. OTOH: 1. With the swiffer, you could clean a small portion of the floor at a time, & not fill a bucket with cleaner & water, & then have to dispose of it. 2. If you lived in a condo, the swiffer items would take up less space. 3. \"normal people\" who mop their kitchen floors on a regular basis might find the swiffer more time-effective. 4. I don't know which is more eco-friendly--disposing of a few swiffer wet pads, or a bucket of filthy water with cleaning fluid--I'd almost bet on the swiffer wet pads......."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"A.K.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1H8ZWY1JCEV1J","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"If you hold it like a broom and expect it to perform like a broom (i.e. pushing crumbs and dust around, requiring something else to pick it up off of the floor), you're expectations are realistic. It's not heavy duty. I usually go around with a vacuum picking up whatever I can see, then Swiffer Sweep leftover fine materials like dust or whatever I missed the first time, then pick up whatever I gathered with a handheld vac. I have two Swiffer Sweepers for 2500 square feet of laminate wood floors. These cloths do not work good on rough or semi-rough surfaces because they are very light/dainty and would snag. If you are going to use a \"wet\" Swiffer, I would highly recommend the heavy duty Swiffer Wet Jet instead of investing in these lightweight mop cloths. They just don't work good compared to the Wet Jet. Then again, even the Wet Jet doesn't get floors as clean as I like and I usually have to hand-mop dirtier rooms like the kitchen and bathrooms -- around trim, appliances, toilets, and sinks."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"L Peterson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WWLH87MUBJTR","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"The dry pads are amazing at getting hair and fibers off the floor. I live in a small apartment with spaces in the wood floor that catch everything and there is also construction going on outside our building that brings in a ton of dust and fiber. No matter how many times I sweep and mop, some hair and fibers manage to escape the broom and mop. The dry pad on the swiffer caught the hair and fibers, and I felt for once that the floors were actually clean, and my apartment feels much more livable. I would recommend this product for anyone with a similar problem cleaning hair and fibers. This is also a great timesaver, especially for cleaning bathroom floors and quick sweep jobs on hard floors. The swiffer is very lightweight and hardly feels like cleaning. However, unless you use it very regularly, I think that an actual sweep job might occasionally be necessary, as the swiffer does not have a dust pan, but binds the dirt to its pad."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"KaraKittie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RLQ4Q457MD4Q","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I love Swiffer and this is the first product of theirs I actually bought. It's nice, the kit comes with two dry \"broom\" pads and two wet \"mop\" pads. The broom pads are like magic! I love them, but my only problem is that for bigger messes or a larger area, you'll want to spot sweep most of the bigger 'chunks' before using it. It's great for hard to reach places, like under the furnaces or around the toilet. I knocked off a star for packaging. I did order this online with a few other items and qualified for free shipping, which usually means poorer packaging to begin with. The item was poking through the box a good foot and a half! It didn't fit so someone fanangled it in at an angle and just shoved the rest through. It didn't damage it, thankfully, but it was still a little odd."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pete","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AE93LAWMK2TLC","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Found this cheaper on amazon than at my local grocery stores or target/walmart. The same exact Swiffer that you see in the commercials and in stores. It's not your profession tile/wood cleaner, but for quick wet mopping the floor, it does it's job well. The wet wipes are easy to install, just press in the corners to the slots and put the Swiffer down on the ground and just mop. Make sure the cloth doesn't get dry, because when it does it's not really going to do much cleaning. Now you may want to actually use a dry micro fiber cloth to dry up the wetness instead of letting it air dry. This prevents water spots if you have wood panels/tiles that you can see. It's a good product for fast easy wiping."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Mother of 9","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A17DW6SUOC70DJ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I bought this to replace my old swiffer, which had broken after some years of occasional use. Swiffer is good for collecting dust bunnies, pet hair and the like, but not so good for dirt such as that which comes off the feet of people and pets coming in the house. In other words, it replaces the dust mop, but not the broom. As for the wet pads, they don't clean my entire kitchen, which is 14 feet by 20 feet. I admit that's a fairly large room, but it takes 2 pads to clean it. You can use that for reference. It also doesn't clean hard dirt off the floor; I still have to get on the floor with a sponge for ground in dirt (6 sons equals plenty of dirt)."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"C. Gallardo \"book fiend\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2LYQEY0ZQWWJG","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"There's something wrong with my back, and sweeping makes it worse VERY quickly. The action when using a Swiffer is different, and I can do practically the whole house with no back trouble. ALL our floors are varnished wood in a house by the ocean, so they are damp and hydrostatic and grow mold like crazy, but the DRY Swiffer keeps that under control. Can't live without it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Shayna N. Traveler \"Shayna Nyrill\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7UUU3VIH383R","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I am just lovin' this Swiffer Sweeper. I am 70 years old; have a bad back and am headed for back surgery next week so was trying to figure out how I could manage my wooden floors since I won't be able to push my vacuum for a few months. A friend suggested the Swiffer Sweeper. This thing is a blessing. So simple; easy and works beautifully on my floors."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Eliane Fidalgo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ABNIAGAGWBJ79","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I like to use it with a double paper towel wet instead of the cloth. When I finish cleaning the kitchen floor I need only to throw the paper towel out. Very practical!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"stevie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1CLUR3JCYO0TQ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I can't believe I am reviewing a cleaning product, but here it goes. I think the criticism about the swiffer really belongs to the separate pads or wipes you have to buy. The actual sweeper is okay overall. I have not experienced any breakage myself nor does it feel prone to breakage. However, I have seen this complaint come up while reading other reviews so I feel like it should be acknowledged. Overall, it feels a little less sturdy than I immediately anticipated, but not close to feeling to \"flimsy\". Anyways, a lot of people have complained about the swiffer just pushing dirt around and I would say this is somewhat true. You definitely need to sweep first before using the wet wipes. The cloth wipes worked really well for sweeping up dust, hair and dirt. The wet pads seem to just add a nice shine to the floor. They definitely pick up more grime, but I don't know how deep cleaning this product is. It seems to be like a quick fix tool. You can make your kitchen floor look presentable in about 5 or 10 minutes, but Im not sure if its better than using something like pine sole. I live in an incredibly small apartment in Asia which is 100% hard wood flooring except the bathroom of course. The swiffer wet pads seem to have an incredibly short life to them. They are very wet in the package but after only a few passes along the floor, they seem to lose over half of their wetness at least. My apartment is literally just one room with a slider door separating the one room from the kitchen. I managed to get my kitchen floor done with one swiffer. However, I had to use multiple wet pads just to clean one half of my one room apartment. That is really just not very good. I have read about people using both sides of the pad. I haven't tried that yet so I'm not sure if it works. Overall, I think the problem is with the wet pads not lasting as long as I would like. This tool is a lazy man's dream. It is still a very easy and valuable cleaning tool, but the pads just don't last very long. I will be on the lookout for other brands I suppose."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"An Educated Consumer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A914TQVHI872U","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Believe I have been using the Swiffer almost since its inception, and have gifted them as well. Keep two in our home, one on each level. Recently our oldie but goodie started to experience pad disintegration. Think this was one of the original models. My replacement just arrived and pleasantly its design has improved: Longer post Snap in pieces rather than screw in pieces (which sometimes needed tightening) Comfortable handle This unit is a welcome improvement to a great product. Use my Swiffer on floors, walls, ceilings etc. With little ones in our home we find that it picks up so much dust and dirt and actually bits and pieces you don\u2019t see. As you can tell, love the Swiffer!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"buywconfidence","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WEP2CRAG2Y4F","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I never knew what a swiffer was until someone bought me one, I mean, I heard of it and seen the commercials, just thought it was another gimmick until now. I always vacuumed my rooms and do keep a clean home. But when I used this item, I used it with the dry refills, and It picks dog hair up very well, and other stuff, not sure what it's picking up, but when I am done cleaning 2 bedrooms, foyer, kitchen, den, and living room, this thing is completely filled with dog hair and other debris, and each room done in a matter of minutes if that. I was shocked to see all of this considering I can't see it on the floor. My floors look clean without the swiffer, but the swiffer made me realize that this is not so. I have all wood floors and highly recommend getting this item. Great item to use once a week, and perfect for that quick clean before company comes over. I bought mine at Target that only came with 2 dry starter mops, then returned the next week and bought a case of mops."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Whedon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A19BDILXSLDXQO","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I ended up buying some reusable microfiber cloths when the starter kit disposable cloths ran out and it's working great for me. The cloths pick up just as much crud as the disposables and I just shake 'em off and toss them in the wash when done. Definitely recommend this sweeper for hard floors. (The reusable cloths I chose from Amazon were 'Real Clean Microfiber Refills for Swiffer and Clorox ReadyMop 12-pack GREEN')"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Nathaniel V. Graham","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2DCS0VQMMHP8X","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I swiffed for almost 2 minutes before the pad was so filthy it could no longer pick anything up, and these replacement cloths are more than 50 cents each! Highway robbery."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Kendra","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CEZCSQ29MMOD","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"i needed it for quick wipe ups. and it works well. just careful not to put to much pressure when using it. the stick isnt very strong."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"G. Chow","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2V3THN58CDZLC","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"It is a nice mopping system and easy to use but does not hold up well if you need to use it everyday like I do. The little spots that you push the pad into have already broken so I am keeping it together with duck tape."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"EnnEssE \"Tech Wizard\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2S58VJU5MVRGH","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I was very surprised at how much I liked this product. The easiest combination broom/mop that I could imagine. Goodbye broom, goodbye mop, goodbye dustpan..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"tv","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1RASLG46GYN4B","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"So irritating to use I threw it out and only regret wasting the money. I'm happily back to using \"elbow grease\" to clean my floors quickly and better than this thing can ... It's flimsy. It's squiggly. It doesn't work with the user. Boo."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"calendar","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3T25IKCA1DTIJ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"It takes a lot of refill cloths to clean a single room, four or more. The wet ones are pricey, but seem to work. The dry ones can't hold on to anything except very fine dust."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"A Fisher","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2TKKLZTJV4NLV","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"This sweeper is so much better than I thought it would be! I am constantly amazed by it. It is so lightweight and doesn't look like much, but when I swept with it under my bed, I couldn't believe all the dust that was on it! It can get into all of the nooks and crannies that a regular vac can't get to. The cloths hold so much dust. I was able to sweep behind and under pieces of furniture that I would have had to otherwise move before I could clean there. It is easy to change the cloths and I have stocked up on them now through Amazon. Since I have this Swiffer, I use my Dyson less often, since I have all tile floors in my home. I now wish that I had purchased the Swiffer Sweeper first."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Buriburi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A292W1LK5EZJSY","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I love the swiffer for cleaning walls. I think it's pretty useless for floor cleaning, I don't trust that I get adequate pressure running this along floors (a rag under my foot does a better job), BUT it's phenomenal for running up and down walls and removing cobwebs. The cloth that it comes with does get caught at the edge of the popcorn ceiling in all the apartments I've lived in but it doesn't leave any lint. I like that you can substitute ANY rag (any relatively thin piece of fabric stretches under the bottom and tucks into the silicone flaps on the top). I don't use it very often, but especially as a short person living in apartment complexes with ridiculously stringent move-out cleaning policies, this has been a life-saver in cleaning walls."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Rachel O.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1OS4KPCCWY936","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"We just put in hard wood floors, and I was looking for a quick way to pick up pet hair. Overall it picked up the hair fine but left my floor streaky and dull looking when I used the wet pads. One thing I really dislike about the pads is that I don't want to have to touch them when I need to pull them off or put them on. The dry cloths of course didn't streak the floors, and they picked up the pet hair okay."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"David","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LQKY4G0SF1PX","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Does everything as advertised. Costs $9.99 at Wal-Mart so definitely a good buy. I need to buy more dry pads to use on my new laminate flooring."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"D","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A62LO3MARICPU","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I have been using this cleaner kit for a couple months. Don't like it. 1. the handle is not solid, that means you cannot scratch dried out dirt on the floor; 2. the head has rubber but no foam, if the floor isn't flat enough, you feel it and the cleaning effect is not the best; 3. cloths are not thick enough, they cannot keep or absorb much water; 4. not cost efficient. This tool set does have merits: the dusting effect is good, the cloth picks up dirt and even small particles effortlessly, the smell is good, looks good, no clean up after mess, etc. So, if your floor is well maintained, there is no toddlers dripping food on it, or you have always cleaned sticky stuff on the floor before it dries out, and your floor is not so big that you don't have to use a few refills to clean all of them, etc, this tool kit fits you. I guess the target customers are young scholars who live in neat and small studios and enjoy seeing their room well organized. It is really lightweight. Personally, I prefer a $20 old style mop and then buy a new cloth every half year."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"LD","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1O3LDQJ4YNG65","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"All but one section snapped together easily, the other does not line up. I sweep the floor, then put on a wet mop pad. It can clean about a 3 ft square section before leaving streaks of dirt. My floor is very light so this makes it very noticeable . Not impressed, as I have a large area to mop and it Is not cost effective to have to use a whole container of pads per use. I will be going back to a sponge mop."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Linda Uribe","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3R3ADPTBKYF96","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I love Swiffer things..especially since Morty and Lee started selling it on commercials on TV..we (my husband and I) are the Morty and Lee of our tiny town of Fawnskin..love my Swiffer stuff"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ya Gao","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1X0G26T2TG4IM","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Very easy to assemble, easy to use, and easy to clean. Have bought some refills at Costo and also have tried some different scents. Would like to try the Swiffer Duster in the future"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"S. DUTTA \"sumi\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2TTTYEDUR9A9Q","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"The button for the handle got stuck - so, basically, the upper handle will not go into the lower handle any more. This happen right after the first use. And, wrote to swifter - all they will do is to give a replacement coupon to buy the same junk!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"lucy burany","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A14HCVAESP0PPF","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I use this Swiffer Sweeper starter kit on my kitchen and bathroom floor tiles,made my floors clean and shiny,very easy to use ,I love it made my cleaning work easier.,no more bending to the floors to clean."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Prudence N. Chaiban \"Prudence Chaiban\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AT8SC6OXBSUG5","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"It's pretty good for cleaning smaller rooms but once you start cleaning your entire house it's just not sustainable...you have to keep replacing the tiles too often when you clean larger areas. It's not great for very dirty floors. I use it when I need a quick 'run through'"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"phoenix4661","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2DA2XGELYQ2B3","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I got this yesterday because I had seen so many good reviews and advertisements for it - i'm happy I did! It swivels nicely and gets all the hard to reach places - no need to bend down. The dry sweep was amazing - it is a dirt magnet - I will be getting refills for this one. The wet one - I did not like. The dirt rolls and it leaves the floors very sticky. I will look for other cleaning cloths to use for wet mop."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"DG","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A17ZTW9CNCNYTF","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Probably one of the best cleaning tool in the world right now Its very good for lazy bums like me to keep the house clean and smell nice. Work very well. easy to use. I highly recommand it for wooden floor people."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sai","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AXMI2L955OIYD","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I love my swiffer but there are some things that you should be aware of. On the packages, it clearly says not to use wet pads on real tiles because of possible damage to the grout and not to use them on untreated hardwood floors. If you're concerned, then I would suggest using only the dry cloth or use multiple tests in a not-so-noticeable spot. I used this on linoleum flooring with no problems. Really love how easy it is to attach and remove the pad. You do need to sweep before using the pads but the pads pick up everything the broom doesn't. Makes the house feel so much cleaner. The wet pads are awesome since they only leave a thin layer of water behind so it dries much much faster then normal mopping."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Melanie Collinsworth","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1E3M6B4QVUO9I","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Not for tough dried on stuff, but great for removing paw prints and other dirt. I love the lavender smell. It lingers the whole day."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Rachael","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3R2S1DCYM86FZ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"This does a decent job if you clean really good the first time and do regular maintenance cleaning with the Swiffer. If you try and work out a crusty spot with the mop you feel like you're going to break the pole (and I have) so its not really good for heavy cleaning in my opinion."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D.A.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AXRQW6TACXQKK","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"This is a very comfortable item. I'm not sure why people are complaining about the strength of the material. I think if you carefully mop your floors and not bump stuff around with the stick, it should last you pretty good amount of time. Very happy with the purchase!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Guest Hollow","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3U3OJ79TIMZK4","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"We have Pergo floors as well as tile floors. We also have dogs. Any of you who are pet owners know what a nightmare it can be when the dogs are shedding (not to mention tracking in dirt) on a smooth surface floor. The Swiffer is the BEST product I've found to deal with this problem, and even if I didn't have dogs, I'd use it for the amazing ability it has to get up the tiniest dirt and dust particles my broom misses. I also have terrible allergies. I believe the Swiffer actually helps keep my allergies slightly more manageable because it gets up the tiny particles of dust on my floor that a broom misses. It also doesn't stir up the dirt when I go over the floor, unlike a broom. For really dirty jobs, I still recommend a quick sweep with a regular broom. A broom can get the biggest pieces of dirt out of the way. You'll think your floor is clean... until you go over it with a Swiffer. I was amazed at how much \"unseen\" dirt, dust and hair it manages to get that a broom just doesn't touch. Construction: The pole of the Swiffer is made from some sort of lightweight metal. It comes unassembled in the box and it's easy to put the pieces together. Once together, they don't come apart (they can, but they don't) - so you don't have to worry about it falling apart while you're using it. The bottom is attached via a plastic swivel head. The plastic is thick and strong. I've had my Swiffer for over 2 years and it's always functioned perfectly with no cracking or breaking. I'm not easy on things either, so I know it's made to be pretty sturdy since it's survived me all this time. The very bottom is a textured plastic and on the top of the swivel head there are soft scored plastic areas for you to adhere the Swiffer pads to by pushing a piece of them down into those sections. Swiffer Pads: The dry pads are simply amazing. They are disposable and also kind of light and slightly fluffy/soft. You attach them to the Swiffer and then clean your floor by pushing it along. You don't sweep like you do with a broom. The soft, textured pad literally soaks up dust and doesn't let hair and dirt escape. You'll notice as you push the Swiffer along that \"stuff\" from the floor accumulates in front of it. That's ok. When you are done, you can pull the pad off and wrap it around the junk (pet hair and so on) and then dispose of it in the trash. The dry pads are dust magnets. You can think your floor is perfectly clean and the Swiffer will show you otherwise. It's also terrific for getting dust bunnies underneath furniture. Here's a little tip...if you don't mind doing so, you can use a small whisk broom to \"clean\" your Swiffer pad off into the trash (just brush it off while it's still on the Swiffer). You can then reuse it at least one time, especially if your floor wasn't filthy to begin with. :-) I've done this a few times when I was running low on dry pads and wanted to stretch them. It's certainly a money saver and surprisingly they work just about as good the 2nd time around. The wet pads are decent for what I call \"quick\" mopping or for a small space like a bathroom. One pad does NOT do my entire kitchen. I need two for that. One is perfect for my bathroom though. Before mopping, you should make sure to have swept or Swiffered the floor you want to clean first to get any dust/dirt up that would otherwise be rubbed around the floor by the wet pad. The wet pad is great for a quick mop after the kids have eaten lunch or right after dinner when you might have a few small spills on the floor. The pads are NOT good for \"deep\" mopping or for getting into the grout areas of a tile floor that has raised or textured tiles. It is amazing how the wet pads suck up dirt into their core. They don't stay wet very long though. Like I said, it takes 2 to do my kitchen floor if I want to do a \"super\" job, but for quick mops to freshen up the floor they are great. How to save money using a Swiffer: Besides reusing the dry pads (as I stated above) you can also buy washable pads from other companies that can be used for dry swiffering or even for damp mopping (for Pergo or wood floors). I've ordered several of these washable pads that fit on the Swiffer and use them to damp mop my Pergo floors: Simplee Cleen Microfiber Refills for Swiffer and Clorox ReadyMop 3-pack GREEN You can also use them as dry pad replacements. They aren't as easy to move across the floor as a Swiffer dry pad, but they work almost as well and are cheaper in the long run. Summary: I consider the Swiffer a MUST HAVE tool around the house. It helps keep my floors SO much cleaner. It's a joy to use (and hey, I don't usually put cleaning and joy in the same sentence, lol). If you only want it for a mop, I recommend getting a different product. While it's good for quick mopping it's not efficient enough to really wet-mop deeply. It's good for families with kids though who want to give the floor a quick clean after lunch or dinner. However, it really shines when it comes to cleaning dry floors. I LOVE the Swiffer and would not want to be without it. It's pretty inexpensive and worth giving a try to see if you agree. The hype is real, it really DOES clean 3x more than a regular broom. For that alone, it's worth it - if you want to really keep your floors looking good."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cami Meegan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A273FDA9LS4QI8","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I bought this at Walmart but didn't buy extra pads, I bought Lysol Clean-Flip Dry Dusting Cloths instead because they were cheaper. I actually think they work better but since I only had one or two with the duster, I can't really say. I honestly didn't think they would do much, afterall, anyone will tell you they don't pick up large crumbs and debris so I thought I didn't need it. When I sweep, it isn't because the floor is already clean, right? I couldn't have been more wrong! I LOVE these things, don't know how I ever lived without them (after I got my dog)! Dog hair everywhere! He's about 40 lbs so I don't bathe him until he absolutely requires it (starts getting ripe) and I recently started using the Shedmonster (it's a tool that painlessly pulls out dead hair), which really helps a lot, but I'm telling you, this broom does the trick! Any microfiber cloth will work with it (wet or dry, so you can get the cheapies and they work great!) and when one side gets too nasty to pick up anything, I flip it over and use the other side! (I'm cheap like that, I prefer to think of it as \"resourceful\".) I run that around (it cleans well even if you run it forward AND back, not just in one direction) and if I have extra crap that needs a dustpan, I just push it all to one side and pick it up afterwards. I honestly thought it would be useless if I had to do that anyway but brooms really don't ATTRACT the hair, they just swish it around in the air to land again as soon as you walk away. I can't tell you how many times I swept with a regular broom, only to find that I needed to sweep again because the hair was still there (no, not STILL there, there AGAIN)! NO MORE! The hair is GONE, stuck to the bottom of this magic broom! Although he never goes into my master bath, I always had a ton of hair on the floor in there too because that's where I do my hair. ALL GONE! It takes five seconds, no dustpan, no more hair! I use it on my hard floors, my bathroom scale, the bottom sides of my toilets, anywhere hair wants to gather, GONE! GET ONE, but don't think you have to buy refills from them or often! (I've actually used the same pad for 3-4 months, I pull the hair off and flip it when I don't care anymore.) They have four x-shaped holes that the cloths get pushed into so you can use anything, wet or dry, any brand. Oh, and in case anyone is wondering how often I actually have to bust out my dust-pan, not NEARLY as often as I thought I would! I'd say I need a dustpan for about every four times I use my Swiffer (which is about once every week or two)! I know you think I'm nasty but I swear, you think your kitchen is filthy when you see dog hair gathering in the corners (and a few crumbs) but once it's gone, you realize the floor really is quite clean without the dog hair! I've only used the dry ones so far because most floor cleaners are harmful to dogs if they walk on it and then lick their paws but if I do use a regular sponge mop (with floor cleaner), I always rinse it well anyway. To be on the safe side, I'll keep my regular Pine Sol-knockoff and continue to rinse well, afterall, no matter how good a quickie mop job is, it can't scrub like a sponge mop with a scratchie thingy on the side."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"aimie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MKBBR1WRNYCK","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I don't really like this swiffer sweeper. I have two others and i feel they work better. I love the vacuum swiffer and also the swiffer that squirts the detergent by a pushbutton. The wet cleaner pads get used up too quickly on this one."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"MrsPatty","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AW1XROM0NSB2P","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"The Swiffer and almost the full range of Swiffer products have been absolutely house and life savers. I could not imagine doing my weekly routine without them anymore. I love Swiffer products and I'm glad to have them in my home. Great for pet hair, kitchen crumbs, and corner dust. Particularly useful on kitchen floors and hardwood (which we have through-out). Good: Product works every time and saves me the chore of having to drag out the vacuum or the brush and pan. More often than not, Swiffer is enough. I also love how small the broom and handles are. Not Good: Price is a little high for the amount I'd like to use and I probably use the wipes a little longer than I would like because of that. But a fairly minor complaint compared to what I save in chore times, back and knee pain, and vacuum electricity!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"BensMom98 \"B. Langman\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A21150LQQN6PF4","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I've read the one- & two-star reviews and wonder if they got defective mops or something. I've never had any problem with my Swiffer and it's 5 years old now. I love that it's a fresh pad every weekend and that one pad does both my kitchen and my bathroom with moisture to spare. I leave the used pad in my bathroom garbage bin for the week, for the continued lovely fragrance. I have linoleum so maybe people with nubby tile floors aren't having as much luck. For lino, however, it's fantastic!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"YogaGurl","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYTBAXJ2Q958V","Helpful Votes":"5.0/7.0","Review":"I hate to be dissing the Swiffer...but it's an OK product, not great or earth changing. I tried it the first time yesterday on my kitchen floor that has not been cleaned in weeks. It did pick up dirt (I used 3 pads) but in no way is it as good as using a mop and water. I went over the area two or three times and was still picking up more dirt. It did work nicely in the bathroom. I am satisfied with how clean my bathroom floor is. I think it's handy for quick pick ups here and there or a quick refreshing but it does not replace the mop and water by any means. I am also not sure about the chemicals. I never buy mainstream cleaning products (toxic and tested on innocent animals) so it was unusual for me to buy this product. I think I'll go back to my Dr. Bronner's Peppermint soap mop and water cleaning for the bathroom and or try the microfiber towels for the Swiffer. I have not tried the dry wipes yet. For those with animals...please keep in mind how chemical cleaners harm your animals. Animals are close to the floor and pick up the fumes easily. If they could tell you they would on how it's hard on them. It's really best to use natural cleaners (vinegar and water, Dr. Bronners) than mainstream cleaning products."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"alyssa","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A433MKODPDVIL","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"cleans very well gets up all the dirt grit and grime smells good really like it makes my life much easier than doing it by mop and bucket then ringing the water out of the mop just put the pad on mop let the floor dry then take off the dirty pad and then you finished love the swiffer sweeper"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Christopher P.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3Q70XSS1QOQ7F","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"This works great and is a great replacement to a broom. It picks up 90% of the dirt and you dont have to worry about sweeping everything up into a a tray and just pushing dirt around. A Chance Beginning: Book One of the Shadow's Fire Trilogy"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Artistic Chic","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A377PHWWBM279O","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"These are okay. I find that using the swiffer mop (I mop once a week) uses 3-5 pad refills (depending on the room) But if money is a concern, it's probably a better idea to just get another kind of mop."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ron Y","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RZKXJFSS7N08","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"This swifter picks up everything, especially pet hair. It does a great job on hard surfaces. It is an excellent tool for anyone who has dogs, especially if they do not clean up after themselves! ."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"dietz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1FKD0PNFAAYRA","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"This is a pretty comfortable mop replacement to use. The combination of the wet and dry pads lets you \"sweep\" first and then \"mop\". No complaints except the price really."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Ken","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2X8A7VPZI4BH8","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I like this but if I could do it over I definitely would have purchased the wider one. This one is very narrow and requires a lot of passes to cover an area."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"GSB \"EH626usa\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1QGDH2E1Q1KR1","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Twice now, the handles broke. Same place, not abused, yes the swiffer works but don't hang it and don't hold the handle....."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Barbara Waldowski","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A09263422OH9L97BIL5CP","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Wore out my first one so excited to get another one. Great item for walls,ceilings, and floors."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Con134","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AI1SI8T3VGZAX","Helpful Votes":"8.0/12.0","Review":"Dont every buy this. Its crap, Doesn't work - by the time you take ONE stroke it is full of dirt and hair and you have to change it take 2 strokes and you are spreading dirt. This product should be Discontinued."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Hiroko Tsuzuki","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1WUWO3B3SYM19","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I love the product, but the Amazon price was much higher than my near by Target."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Maxtov","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ZZ9N3M3I1AGK","Helpful Votes":"2.0/3.0","Review":"The best I like about it is that you _don't have to use special pads_ - doubled bounty and a bottle of Windex will cost you much less. Actually Windex is an overkill - some ammonia with water in a spray bottle is sufficient in most cases. Also good for windows washing. Now the bad news is that this piece of crap would break in a few months no matter how careful you're. I'm on 4th swiffer now, usually handle goes first. If you happen to find it in some discount store for $5 or so, buy a few at once."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer \"laurenmbaez\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2XKR33EPY3NU3","Helpful Votes":"2.0/3.0","Review":"Incredible the cleaning ability of this little thing. At first I was very reluctant. It looked quite flimsy, and i did not believe it would be able to clean my floors. After a couple swipes it had cleaned everything in its path. I look forward to purchasing the WetJet and see what that has in store. I definitly recommend this product. You will not miss having to lean down and clean up the little piles of dirt that accumulate after you sweep. All the dirt stays on the little cloth."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"J. Amabile \"Jenn\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AL4EMTKHSD91T","Helpful Votes":"2.0/3.0","Review":"I believe I read a review on here before purchasing about how this item kind of just \"moves\" the dirt around. That's exactly what it does. The dry pads are pretty much a waste as I can accomplish more by just sweeping. A broom costs $1.00 at the local value store, and I recommend that over this item. The wet pad is pretty useless as well. I tried the dry pad first to \"sweep\" and wound up just using a broom after noticing that the dirt just got moved to a new area. I can do that with a broom. I figured I'd then shine and clean the floor up with the wet pad and well that was useless as well. I live in an apartment, so the area that I used this on was not large. I won't be buying refills! Maybe the wet-jet is better if you are looking for a mopping solution, but I wouldn't use this to replace a broom and mop combo as you will still need a broom. I also remember seeing a review that said to use different wet pads, and perhaps that is the best idea in this case. I basically now own a fairly expensive mop stick and will probably try the other pads suggested by other users so I get some kind of use out of this item."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Amazon Customer \"Sassy\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CVPE5T8MKSHC","Helpful Votes":"4.0/6.0","Review":"I bought this a few months ago and it barely picks up anything off the floor. I had to use 3 dry cloths to sweep the floor and 2 wet to mop. The wet mop dries too fast and leaves a sticky residue. Would not recommend it to anyone who has more than a bathroom to clean."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"B. Stanley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYVDXC1576KRY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I feel like the dry cloths do almost nothing. Maybe if we had dirtier floors they'd work better. The dry cloths always leave dirt behind and cause much more trouble than they are worth. However I do like the wet cloths. They are extremely useful for mopping our tile floors and especially good for quick touch ups. I also really like the smell of the \"clean scent.\""}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kristy L white","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GC00VAT9I1NK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Should have gotten one of these a long time ago, it works great. It's very easy to use and it is lightweight."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Kevin Mullins \"Krmit\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ADO1WU94GROL1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Unfortunately the device out of the box couldn't take a charge. I have contacted the manufacture and they are sending a replacement, however that will take 3 to 4 weeks. This would have been the third swiffer vac we have purchased in 10 years. Over time the batteries go bad and they are not user replaceable, so you have to buy a new one every few years."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"arctic-wolfie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2NN26PTFX3KR5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Light weight, easy to use -- worth the money."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"ASMEQC","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3UC2M9DFOX0M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This works great for a quick dusting of the floor surface. It is not strong enough for the tough cleaning that is required after the Grand Children visit."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"David L. Ransen","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GUROI7K54EVO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Pretty good because it's simple to load and performs decently. Not the easiest to maneuver. Also, if it picks up single grain of sand, it must be reloaded or else it will scratch floors."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sharron Grodzinsky","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A164AKFC6QPEQC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The Swiffer is just a darling. It is so light it does not hurt my back to clean the floor. The wipes are easy to put on and take off and it picks up dirt and dust and....... particularly dog hair like gang busters. I love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Camille Tavin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3A2D8VJCL95PT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"How can you go wrong with this product! Had one of the first and it was great until just a few weeks ago. Amazon to the rescue! Ordered and it arrived in no time. The new one is even better than the old. Highly recommend!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Robert W. Broomell","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJMXM5QZDGQHI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"love it does the job well"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James Johnson II","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3O1E3MR8TK6I2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great cleaning product, especially for an apartment"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Stephen \"Stephen W. DeRuggiero\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2AU7999C46U35","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Thanks..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"&#34;Professional&#34; Volunteer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3JUEHR7YMPK01","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Now if I can get the \"Pusher\" to move the pad around the floor for us."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Shine","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UJ4H4WCRJXH0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It is a good help for cleaning the kitchen and bathroom. Easy to use."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sophia Jia \"Sophia\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1NLB20AFJ8Z1V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Every college student (and lazy young people in general like me) needs to own a Swiffer. Unless you're living on carpeted floor, this makes cleaning so easy and so quick (assuming your dorm room is the normal tiny square) that it makes no sense to buy a giant cumbersome and loud vacuum."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James R.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2B1MUUAXTMICJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Bought for a family member. They seem to like it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2QCN1HQZHUBL2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I doesn't replace a regular mop. It is only useful for the lightest touch up and requires constantly replacing the disposable mop."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Elaine B.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AKHUL2HE75YGS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"These are so easy to use."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Kami","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2GQRCKWZDTPX2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"awesome"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"musiclover","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A32GJVIQA7QQ60","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"couldn't get along without this handy cleaner"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Samantha Hester","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A243AW9OHNM7A4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this product. I only have one working arm and it has made cleaning easy for me. So even if you are not handicapped its a great buy."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"MImi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2EP41XY8YB8TH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's good. It does the expected job."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jeff Sueck","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1IUCSRJHW6CQ9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"received as expected and great price. Swiffer always an alternative for bringing out the big old vac. Quick and easy to use and store."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Etta Brockney","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AGKBPI018V6JA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have had one in the past and needed anew one I like the way it is a hole in the handle to hang it up with which I didn't have before"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Marie Brack","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3W12GAMSX5OMK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Effective, very easy on my back and worth the few pennies it costs. I use toweling material instead of buying the disposable refills."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Yvette","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AXCJYW7JYZ1QV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I shed alot. My cats shed alot. My vacuum machine cries every night choking up the hairball. One day Prince Swiffer came and sweeps the house every night while we sleep. I'm happy. My cats are happy. And Mr.Vacuum is happy. ps.Don't forget to flip the sheet for another use. Now the Earth is happy too. pss.I only use it with dry sheets. A wet sheet dries off after mopping the half of room and becomes useless."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"TWEET5","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3B56MK29L8YV0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I would recommend this item to anyone who needs something quick and easy to tidy up. It cleans my kitchen and bathroom floor before I need to replace the pad. It is so nice not to have to haul out a mop and bucket every time you want to clean. Also as an added bonus, the floors dry quickly after you use it. I would recommend this, especially to moms of little ones!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Bill \"bill0801\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AO3D2HYIJ70EU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Stiffer is pricier than store brand but is stronger and lasts longer. I like the dusters too. Hazel would be jealous!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Alex","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2J5CZI9S3XJ4X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I wish it came with some more pads to load onto it. Does a pretty good job at collecting dirt, but you could find something better."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cindy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A26ZJ9CTDRLZIQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"it work very good for me thank you so much, i love the product i will buy again for my home."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"mallory farrar","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1X045Z8JYK8OU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's a good product and a good value. Simple and works for what it's supposed to do. Also, easy to store!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Princess M.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3TL0I3YYM1OC9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is so nice and light that you won't mind cleaning at all. It's great. I recommend it very much."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Jake","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ZL9ZKZEGWX5T","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This thing works. I'm not impressed and I'm not upset. It just is. The pads are too damn expensive too, so I've just been buying the dollar store ones. It cleans the floor better than the original product did. I like the handle thing though."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mike","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WV5UZEPWN5JH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Easy to put together and works perfect on my hardwood floors. I used both sides of the swiffer duster sheet on my whole house and it gathered a good amount of dust on one usage."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Rattboy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2HRZFF7OV955A","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The wet ones leave streaks and you have to use to many. The dry ones on the other hand are great. We swept first with a broom then used the swiffer. Wow it was crazy what the broom left behind. I highly recommend the dry not the wet."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Renella S. Kendall","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3QK111RDF7EFM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"While sweeping works well, bending down to sweep the dirt into a pan hurts my back. I thought I'd give the mop and broom floor cleaner a try. I am very pleased with the results."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"HAC","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AHOK9N8MC4L7M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Was always curious about these. Wish I'd have tried them earlier. My laminate floor has never been easier to keep up. I love the light weight handle. I can clean with one hand, if desired. The swivel head is another big plus."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cityplay","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A84HXJ84Q33XS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Improved swifter product that works even better than the older model. Great for cleaning floors and walls of dust, etc."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"TripleC188 \"TripleC188\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2107Q5SR0UQJE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's a swiffer -- does its job picking up particles and very easy to put together (just snap the two pieces together). Absolute must for hardwood floor sweeping. It really gets all those dust bunnies under beds too."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jacqueline Plier","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A8GHH339MGPDX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have always liked the Swiffer mops. My old one fell apart from years of use. I could not find them in the stores. It is great to get one with the click of a mouse on Amazon. Thanks."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Javisimo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A25YSWXHQ2DWK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I finally decided to get off my hands needs and buy swifter wet mop. So far it's everything I expected, and with the Costco swifter wet pack my floors spotless for a while"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Robert","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZH40KFHXVPE7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I like the duster because it doesn't push dust and hair around. It picks it up. However, it has trouble picking up larger chunks of dirt. I hate normal sweeping because it pushes so much around and it's hard to pick up all the dust and hair. So what do you do? Both. I find this works ok alone, but does a nice job as a final clean up after I have swept if there are larger pieces of dirt to sweep up. The mop is a nice bonus for a quick cleanup, but won't replace your normal mop. Why do I say all this? I think it's a great supplemental piece of cleaning equipment, but it won't fully replace a mop or a broom."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Roberto","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2SDIYNOGGHQFN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"lol it's pretty good it does the work to tymes faster than befor like it .thats all i have to say"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Shirl","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3VKPR6XEJMQUZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I really like the Swiffer 2 in 1 starter kit. easy to put together and use. Thank you Shirl Byrd"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"C. Temple \"meta mystery buff\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ALQELWI67BG5X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this sweeper. It's light and that is important since I have rheumatoid arthritis and a connective tissue disease (polymyositis). No pain and allows me to clean up quickly and completely."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Christa Douglas","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1MVYVGYPRLQ7N","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I really love everything about Swiffers! They're easy to use both with wet or dry cloths, it's head adjusts nicely to get into hard spots and it slim design makes it easy to store. I did notice wet cloths on my floor seems to leave a film after a few times using it but nothing a little soap and water can't clean."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Devin Mckellar","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1CU1FCTFTG7DT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I don't like this thing they always break on me plus my floors take about 4 of the cleaning pads so it makes it to expensive to clean the floor, I like things that are washable and that don't cost me money every time I use them"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Audrey and Brian Elsbernd","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3KJXJJGNLS2GF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is an excellent tool for non-rug floors and it's very easy. Does better than a broom alone. Easy storage."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Emily","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2RA7THXSY93IG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Yes, this will pick up dust and dirt, but the mopping pads are pretty much useless. I would much rather attach a wet soapy rag to the sweeper so I get more moisture on my floors. The mopping pads are basically like using a Clorox wipe for your whole floor - they won't stay wet for very long."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Nicole","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A36Q5OI3SI9AD1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Not very sturdy, breaks easily. If you are someone who likes to put elbow grease into things; this is not for you. The swiffer is great for keeping up on dust and hair, but your floors are getting bad, then it just seems like it just pushes dirt and hair around. No replacement for old mop, but good for between mops and sweeps."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ABW","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3O9R3HBG0MYXF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This does an excellent job! Easy to use. We occasionally use the \"mop\" but regularly use the \"broom\". Quick delivery."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Jamie Chaffin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3EBZVCDCBEF8T","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"cleans great, and was a great price. much cheaper than buying from a big box store. love how the handle extends for taller people and can be shorter for shorter people."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ann-marie Dalmas","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1H2S5OUI5IOK4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love the bright green color, it's convenient, the disposable cloths are clean, biodegradable, don't have to throw in the washing machine and waste water. Just dust the floors with the dry cloth, get under couches, cabinets, in corners...it's amazing how much dust and dirt this grabs. After the dry, use the wet cloths to shine up, scrub stains, and really get a clean floor without kneeling, breaking your back etc. Dispose of the dirty cloths and look at your work...it looks amazing. It's actually fun to swiffer !"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Nancy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A28WY4C670FV9I","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"These are great for quick clean-ups on hardwood or bathroom floors. I use them when I don't have the time to do thorough vacuum around the house. Instead of the disposable refills, use the microfiber cloths which clean much better."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Joseph Kalloor","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A47ET5QBLM7QF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This not what they advertising in the TV, the cloth does not stay on the mop. frequently falls off...... useless"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lily","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1SFEMCXZL5OIE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I bought the starter kit on Amazon (and wet mop refills at Costco) a few months ago. I live in a mostly carpeted apartment with a small kitchen that has tile floors. I think this swiffer is perfect for what I need. One wet mop will clean my floor well and leave a nice clean scent (which disappears in a day). I mop once a week and it's always astounding how much stuff is on my floor. I recommend this for: - small spaces - people who hate mopping but find it necessary - light use I agree with reviews that the mop doesn't \"cling\" to everything. I usually take the mop cloth off, and use the back side of the cloth to pick up the leftovers on the floor. This works really well, even if it's a little more effort. I also don't recommend this if you have a large area to clean because you'll need more than one cloth and it's not worth it. But for my small kitchen (~100 sq ft), it's a perfect size."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Fredddd","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQE2B2QSZG0HY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I had never bought one of these. Sorry now that I hadn't. I only have one small kitchen floor to do. Such a chore to pull out vacuum, then mop and bucket etc... I used this both as a sweeper and mop. Mopping seemed best. I used vinegar water. Can wet the whole thing, or use a spray bottle to spritz on the floor.. Cleaned well, dried quick. Lightweight to use. Happy. As a sweeper, it's ok. It does not pick up all things, but dust, dirt, hair yes it does. And even dull greasy like stuff, dried splots, splats etc.. What it didn't pick up, I simply took the cloth off and picked it up and threw it away. You can use double layers. You can turn it over and use the other side. I read reviews saying if you push on it it breaks. Mine didn't... Sorry I never had one of these years ago."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"buzzintrue","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2NIFAY5RK84ML","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I like this mop and the dusting pads, but I don't ever buy the wet pads. I dip a rag in vinegar and wrap it around like I would one of the pad things. I know Dollar General has their brand of mop that's identical. Wherever you buy, the mop should only be around $10. It's great for my kitchen, and I used it in my old dorm bathroom too. You can't break it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2I8AJ2BDOZ7P9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This floor cleaner now has beveled edges on all sides that allow you to get into tight corners and edges. This is perfect for upkeep in between deep cleaning. Works better than before!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Suiteeighteightone","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2P4C6G3AY85BN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I like the swiffer as it can be used to dust the floor as well as wet mop it using the other cloths. The duster cloths are fabulous! They catch alot of dirt and dust!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Susan G. Piper","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A6N2VOPK50T16","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"So far, I love this. Did all my floors over the weekend\u2026quick and easy. It will be great for touch ups."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"SM","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1BU5X59HVN930","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Its a Swiffer! Does what it is supposed to do and does it well. Definitely a great replacement to a mop."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James24","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1JLZV3PT1Y6ZU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This product works great in our apartment. I don't have to break out a mop and bucket...just put on the pad and clean up. This is a great product for what I needed it for!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Natalie Ticehurst","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RTF4WV9T4BQE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's everything I needed for my first apartment. I like that it's a wet and dry mop all in one. And it doesn't take up hardly any space."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dorothy S. Hayes","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1FKMKRUDQBEOC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Product was quickly delivered. The price was good. I really like Swiffer products as they make cleaning much easier - especially, with 4 French Bulldog puppies in the house!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Clairex","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BX5B14VB7ICN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's cheap feeling - feels like I shouldn't press down to hard or I could break it, but I haven't! I do some good deep cleaning and it's nice and light and easy. What I expected! Goes great with the Real Clean Microfiber refills so you don't kill the planet with all those stupid disposable cloths."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"malmal","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3HQEJYCDR385X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's lightweight and flexible, easy to clean and assemble ... this broom/mop is a winner. The wet jet refills may be overkill for this appliance. Wish there were a cheaper, mid-level wet wipe available. ... just realized that the wet jet wet refills ARE overkill for this wet mop, but the price was so much cheaper than the plain wet refills. Maybe the wet jet (based on ratings I've read) is not so great, and wet jet refills are being discounted."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John Zhang","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AUXU0AIJ5Y5VW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Easy to use. Like the swiffer concept. The head is a little bit hard to rotate when angled. So 5 stars minus"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"RJ Wallace","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UMPSR6CAADM3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This was my second Swiffer purchase, as I wanted one for the upstairs closet in our home This really is a great price and the starter kit comes with a wet pad and a dry pad. I find that the generic wet and dry pads work great on the Swiffer itself; if you're looking for a cheaper cleaning alternative."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3H8GUVTBZILJH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Works well nice to get into tight places and it does get the finer dust instead of just spreading it around"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"judith schiff","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A230S0H0WQVMSI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Within a few moments I had a sparkling sweet smelling Kitchen & Bathroom floor...And all those ceiling spaces now cleanable.."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jasmine","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AY7YEQBSJXNAD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Efficient. Easy clean up and set up. Takes up little space. Wish I invented it! You can use the sheets mor than once too."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Stephen Mayclin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A103KITNDUL757","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I wanted to give this a try, since I've never found a way of mopping that made it anything less than tedious and messy. The upshot of the Swiffer is that it isn't messy at all, like traditional mopping with a bucket of soapy water. Its ok at sweeping, but no better than a traditional broom, since you still have a pile to pick up when you're finished pushing the dirt around. The downside is that this system didn't clean nearly as well in my use, and serious cleaning required resorting back to the old folding sponge style mop. Really, this system isn't much better than spraying a paper towel with cleaner, dropping it on the floor and pushing it back and forth with your foot. Some dirt definitely comes up, but its far from what I would call clean."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Annie T","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2N1STE4LEY9EB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"What can I say? It works and it's cheap :) The wet sheets does have a very strong detergent smell, so I try to sweep again with the dry sheet afterwards."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"jessica strati","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AV11SS75SKCXP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love using this! It's great to use for small areas I have in my house to mop the floor. It's so much easier then a mop and bucket. It also doesn't take up a lot of room."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"C. Lee","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AINGNE1J86KTH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is great for regular cleaning and can be used with dry or wet pads. However, I still think every once in a while you need to get in there and scrub the floor for a more thorough clean."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mr RG","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATI35LDGKQ8S4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"i don't know what kind of a review you can write for something so awesome that just works! Its light and mobile with easy maneuvers."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"SDRube","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1VWX0NPENPNWR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My favorite Mop and Broom. Needed a replacement for my original one that broke after 10+ years. Can't wait to use it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"cab4328","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ANQ1UPNH75TQG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The sweeper arrived quickly and in excellent condition. I have found it to be excellent on hard wood floors. This is a quality product."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Eco Shopper","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39L61KW7RS9QU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is so easy and my back doesn't hurt after I use it. Picks up so much dirt and debris. Lightweight and easy to manuever under cabinets and furniture."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"AlwaysAmyBrand","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2381PRHDWHZNZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love how quick using a Swiffer is and I love that you can throw the pad away when you are done. Nothing to clean up."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"S. Tiffany Wong \"tiffy\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2999JD87O5XL1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"amazon has a better deal than safeway and qfc the last time i checked a little flimpsy but it is a starter kit so dont expect much"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"jamie l st. john","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1XLO00OG6GOO6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I'm glad I decided to buy the Swiffer mop it gets the job done ! thank you !Jamie a happy customer!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Wpbeech","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BNA9UQTT4SQW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The product was as described. However, what I did not consider was what would happen when the floor cleaner ran out? Well, of course, you need to buy more and buy more and buy more pads and on and on and on. The internet has a recipe for replacement floor cleaner. I haven't tried it, but it seems like it would be a lot more environmentally friendly than this product."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Vu Nguyen \"tenchi77\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A9LIWCGS2SM0K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Used this once and it works very well at picking up dirt and debri that you would otherwise miss. I have a large kitchen with open space so the pad is used up so fast I would have to use multiple sheets. If you have a small apartment kitchen then this will work. Not recommended for big homes."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rudi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1J1MOBX86EQIW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very convenient! You don't need to get a bucket and cleaning supplies that you use with a mop. You can quickly have a gleaming kitchen floor after a quick swif. I've been using these products for years and they make my life so much easier."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Alma","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2HQSL52WSY1SJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is so useful when you see dust on the floor it's a great time saver. Good for spot cleaning, dusting under couches, beds, tables its lightweight and efficient,"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Beach Bum","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1OS8ICUFW5F9H","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Except large particles like big food crumbs or dirt. I wish it came with the same texture on both sides so it can be used double the amount. Other than that great price on the refills when on sale at Costco."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"JC","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2R8D7OPFZZPK3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I basically bought this starter kit because of the attractive price. Most other floor dusters are twice as expensive and I did not want to spend as much especially when most folks said they just use this swiffer duster and swap out the pad with another highly recommended item (Real Clean Microfiber Refills for Swiffer and Clorox ReadyMop 12-pack GREEN). You might want to handle this product gingerly because it does seem slightly frail as if too much aggressive sweeping will break the broom, that said, if you handle it carefully, this is a very effective and affordable duster. I use this for my hardwood floors and highly recommend the Trewax 3-Pack All Natural Hardwood Floor Cleaner, 32-Ounce Spray if you're looking for a cleaning product!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Happy Grandma \"ducky\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ABC10T9SGLYXN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My old Swiffer broom was past due for replacement, so I bought this one. It is a bit better than the old original, but still the same hgh quality. I love it and would recommend Swiffer products to anyone."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Sara","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1I05OZU8PM9XF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It works most of the time. I do have a complain about how tricky it is to put the mop onto the broom each time. You'd think they could design something much easier to use."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Jan \"Jan\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A393EALFB3LCCS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I had the original swiffer sweeper which I loved, but it wore out. I purchased this as the replacement. but I do not like it as well. The original was a little smaller and fit into small spaces. The place where the swiffer attached was made of rubber. The bottom of the new sweeper is made of plastic. I liked the smaller size and flat rubber bottom better."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Aliza M. Beer \"Books & Belongings By Beverly ...","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A37IRE9GZ0CZ7I","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I don't own a mop or a broom. My allergies are too severe for either. My Swiffers work hard--double duty as a mop and broom--so eventually I need to replace them."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Auntie Andrea","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ZGEQN9GSC1Y7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I finally gave in and purchased a Swiffer...for sweeping only...and I can see how easily hair and dust stick to it when cleaning a wood or Linoleum floor. I would never use this in place of a wet mop due to the fact that it just doesn't seem sturdy enough to withstand any serious elbow grease. I have read the other reviews and apparently others agree that it is not well made enough for real mopping. I also would never purchase the wet cloths as I ONLY use natural cleaning products and I am sure that the Swiffer wet cloths are full of chemicals. For now, I'm satisfied with the Swiffer in place of a dirty old broom and hopefully since that is all I am expecting of it, it will last a bit longer than the short life span that others are complaining of."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"LAWRENCE R. BACCI","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQ4FI5MCSTOSQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This product works exactly as advertised. I am extremely happy with it. It is well made and should last for a long time..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"P. Mills","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1AEMJE2R27T56","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"For small simple cleanups this does the trick. Cleaning and entire house this is not the tool. The scent is not bad and it does the job."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Caddycat","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WNN1DQVL4LH5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Not for deep cleaning, but terrific and sanitary for everyday touch helps. We use it all the time. I flip the pad and use both sides. Very sanitary as you toss when done. If I need extra wetness I use a little glass cleaner on pad."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"JEN","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A19OBVYT7BACH0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Since my college days I have used the sweeper it is the easiest and fastest way to clean the floors and leave a fresh scent! Mopping and Brooming have never been so easy!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"gothamchic","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A16XDX8FGHP88R","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you need to clean your home as most of us do, this is one of the easiest and most satisfying ways. The sweeper pivots in enough directions to get the hard to reach places. You'll be amazed at how much dirt the Swiffer can pick up. The results are satisfying."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gerald Caoile","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJEMRFB4OW7Q7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is the cheapest price ive seem for this product. Great broom that gets all the dust bunnies and strands of hair."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"R. Billings","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ARTSSZHO3ZYYR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is Swiffer's Starter Kit and included only 2 dry and 1 wet pad. It is a decent little item for getting under my jelly cupboards."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Yuriy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BM9OYGJR6089","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My hardwood floors and clean and smell fresh. Does a great job of cleaning difficult to get to places such as under the bed, etc. Also, 40% cheaper than buying this at your local pharmacy."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"RosieMarie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2V8N9M0ZHYS7J","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a swiffer. There isn't a lot to say. It works like a regular swiffer, which is to say, it works well. My apartment is mostly wood floors, except the kitchen, which is tile."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Nelson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1GOPC0DBRU84Z","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"inexpensive way to keep hardwood clean. i use this twice a month to clean up the hardwood floor on my first level clean, which includes the kitchen. 1 pad lasts me the whole floor, about 500 sqft. i usually put some water on the ground to extend the life a bit and give the last bit of the floor some shine."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"David","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1YVXRCJWMP6HU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's a mop/broom. We don't really use it since my wife prefers her mop, but it's a solid product. I liked how it came in a little box, but you put it together and it creates a decent sized broom/mop."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2550757O813Z0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Being a guy that lives by himself, I don't clean my floors unless they start to look bad. This makes it easier to clean with. Very satisfied. It can also mop with the wet pads so it saves space and time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Nortalian \"Have Read\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1E83M56ARKPMS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I needed to replace my other one, which has been used for several years, and I like the replacement. A real upgrade."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"technical_specialist","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GE8NHFZ5R05X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Cleans well, but each sheet doesn't get you very far. I have maybe 150 sqft in non-carpet floor space and I feel I am stretching one sheet very thin, so I will need to use at least two to get a descent sweep. I love the convenience though; one thing that stops me from house cleaning is squeezing the mob, and this solves the problem. Great for places with limited hard surface, not so much for places covered by hard floor."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Crazy Dog Lady","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A299IANFSRR2F1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I must admit, I am very fond of almost all the Swiffer products. Anything that makes my housecleaning easier is almost perfect. And this product sure beats dragging out the big, heavy appliances for quick pick-ups!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Robert L Johnson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2461UG4CNOOWZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Super easy way of doing a quick cleaning of any hard floor. One wet sheet can easily clean a small to medium room, but any more than that and you may need to use another. The dry ones last a bit longer as long as you gather the debris that won't stick to it. Both types attach very easily to the quite sturdy broom which should last years and years. A necessity in every home that likes a quick and simple way of cleaning. Just do your best to buy the sheets in bulk!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Patrick C.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LG74ORGFRYMY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great starter kit. I broke my old one (using for years) and got this real cheap here. I use it to clean my kitchen floor."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"G","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2RQZVH01Y05QQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I wish I invested in this product sooner. It's really helped cleaned up the wooden floors in my dorm rooms and takes up hardly any space, it's great!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"lucy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ANV1P9ZSFMX0M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"its comfortable and light to use. great for small jobs and touch ups. the ez green pads do not work with it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mpia","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A126GUQQ6H2SJX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It real cuts cleaning time in more than half, but read carefully there is only one wet cloths you need to buy a refill pack which I did. It really is a necessity for young people and moms that are on the go."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Laura D. Liddell","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A11DVPYBTH3JTL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It is very handy cleaning high places and it gets the dust off and does not throw it back on the surfaces."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amy \"tn_dee\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3PHM4OY122O2Y","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Swiffer has gotten smart! I started using Swiffer when there was a dry one and a separate wet one. I think it's awesome that they've combined the two!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"KOF","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A20F9VPPRZHEGG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Hardwood floors + dogs = big time need for a swiffer! My old one perished; replaced with this newer model. LOVE IT!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mitchell","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZH2UP12HXEQU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The product works as described and I have not had any issues. It cleans the floors as you would expect."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"SSong","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A13R4Q17I2KC53","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"All the pieces were present but it looked used when it was said to be new. Apart from the obvious scratch marks, it was okay."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"A. Goel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2DVXMLZ5GLCIF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This swiffer mop and broom is very good product to clean your wood floors. It picks up everything. Works well."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"TONY","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BKH0RRLL1ISE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"the Swiffer picks up dirt that a broom can't. very efficient little cleaner. gets under and around spots that a broom can't. go get one. you won't be disappointed."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"CARLOS FERNANDEZ CORRALES","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3PAZOZMA7EUVD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The product is exactly as you see it on the pictures. Very satisfied. I will buy it again. Bottom line, I recommend it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"keyboardfreak88","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A8PBPO6VS0BI0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Has everything you need for a great price, but I definitely wouldn't have it ship repeatedly. Once you have the swiffer mop, you can just buy the refills (the dry cloth is really great)."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. Cooney","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYLMSPZFJLKY2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This was a replacement for my old Swiffer that fell apart after many years of use. Receiving the 2 dry dusting cloths and 1 wet mop cloth was an unexpected bonus! An excellent value for the price!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Heather E Levi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQZFAH48X62LI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"There are not enough pads to cover the area I have to clean in my kitchen. It will force me to use paper towels with my own solution to finish the job"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kuuipo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3OCLT4NWJL00Y","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this product! Very easy to use, and easy to clean! This one keep clean my floor and shine!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Myra Rosenberg","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A35T5ZFFLXDI0C","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Swiffer Sweeper is simply designed and easy to use. I am very satisfied with this item because it works so well."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ACP","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ZELGEOFIDHUO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The swiffer sweeper makes cleaning in between the deep cleanings so fast and simple. Helps keep the house tidy and fresh when it is moderately messy."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"A. Hockenberry","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AXK3KYH8NQ9G2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have always used a mop and bucket to clean my floors, but after injuring my back a couple of months ago it's getting harder and harder for me to lug them around. This cleans my floors just as well, if not better and it is much easier on my back! The kit arrived on time and in perfect condition. Very pleased!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"sylvia clare","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3G66ZO3ILC2WX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"great deal first time swiffer owner used the wet jet at my daughters like this method better...I have a huge room takes forever to mop with an old fashion mop this was a breeze"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Victor B. Schneider \"Linux Sharpie\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A23HRTD9I9K90Z","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If I snap the handle together with all supplied sections, the mop is too long for me, but usable. If I remove a section and re-snap it together, the mop is too short for me. Otherwise, works pretty well."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"cherrie nugent","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A159L4XTJHKM3L","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"not what I expected thought it had some way to disburse water, also if you want a review of this product you shouldn't require any number amount of words to be required or not many will reply"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Ping","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2SSLDSYZDUB5J","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I had thought that it would come with two dry refill pack and one wet refill pack like the bundle I got from Costco a while back. But in reality it came with two dry refill sheets and one wet refill sheet. Otherwise it is ok."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"adelina541","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1702VST42IGKV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"easy to assemble. weight is light. length is proper. do not need too much space to place it. good product."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Chris Tam","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A9PQ08MY3ZEW1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"As long as you don't overload the swiffer with dust, it will clean wooden floor well. If you overload it, it will keep pushing the dust back and forth wasting time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"61chick","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AD8LUHSNWKXJ3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"So easy to use . It makes cleaning a room a quick job! This light weight mop is easy to use and easy to store?"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joe Galvan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A11K0GOR9J6818","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Shipping was timely and the item is my son's favorite mop. I recommend this and know others will like it as much as our family does."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Linda E. Minogue","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BS6U5VCEVQEB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"works good. I use it after I sweep and vacuum to get a final top cleaning. also good for under beds and furniture"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Edwin Kim","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2E7L1CE8IHRZ0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great product that keeps my house clean. I wish that it was less expensive or they used better material instead of cheap plastic. The stick breaks if you press on it too hard. Otherwise this product is great and I use it twice a week."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"samurai2011","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3QULAOY1QCCHX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I work for a competitor of P&G but I so so love this product. It keeps the floors clean like nothing else. We have a 13 old son who is all over the place and this is a life saver! Highly recommend it to each and everyone who wants a quick, easy and dirt free floor."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Minzi Zhu \"M & Z\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3H0FPZKFUGY69","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best quality!!!! Fast shipping perfect package!! Light !!!!!!!!!good service . I like the green color very clean !! I have a dog home shading a lot ,it is very helpful"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"teamania","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AK7Y8VU666GJ7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Sweeping has never been easier! This is awesome on both hardwood and tiles and I love it for even all my hard surfaces! I use this for my weekly fireplace and tv swiping and it works terrifically. Highly recommended. So versatile and functional. Very competitive price too."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Vivian Tremayne","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2QLXHK0MIMWTI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Every other sponge mop gets pretty ratty looking. Since you discard the outer layer after use, this one stays clean and neat. A great idea."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Justin H \"Justin\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A38FLUFB11C5YU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I had a swiffer for years until it finally fell apart. I love it because it gets in all the nooks and crannies so much easier than most other things. I keep a pretty clean house, and this still picked up gobs of dog hair the first time out."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"V.Wright","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJGZQUXBI3J0Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The is great for quick and easy clean ups on wooden and title floors. Great 2 in 1 product for an apartment with two large dogs and two adults."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"jg","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1VCZZSGTQUTFL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Product is as expected, was a bit cheaper than in store. Swiffer is really good for a quick clean when you don't have the time or energy buckets etc."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"HyperStinkySpice","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1S7HMMWG6X0II","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Light & super easy to use! The handle is long enough for any adult, but it's still fun for kids to help out with chores."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Nocturnal","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJ27FPFTE22QR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"...and found that having to go aaaaaallllll the way to the utility room (maybe 12 steps away) to get a broom and dust pan to sweep up the bathroom was just too much trouble so we'd always have hair and fur (pets) on the floor all the time. Finally bought a Swiffer wet-dry when I got sick of always leaving for work trying to pick off the fur/hair on my pant hems. The Swiffer now resides in the bathroom so we can easily just sweet up the place. I'm still trying to decide whether I like the wet part of the ensemble--it works but I hate having to switch from the dry clothes to the wet ones and then back to the dry. And the one time I tried to mop the kitchen floor I found the wet clothes had to be changed at least 3 times to do the whole floor--and we have a small kitchen (just well loved). I think I may buy a Swiffer wet mop (with the spray bottle attachment) to use for mopping, just use this Swiffer for dry sweeping only. When I need to do the rest of the apartment, I just haul out the vacuum cleaning and suck all the flotsam up, then use whatever the varous floors call for (we have hardwood and ceramic tile and linoleum)."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Carol Gantt","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FEQGBL7U9G4L","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I thought this was gonna be just another gadget, I bought the big box of refills with it, and went to do my bathroom walls and floor and shower area, and omg! this things is so awesome and easy to use, no bucket of water, my walls look new even got excited and did my kitchen floor with it, and it only took me have the time to do. that's not all every room you use it your left with a wonderful fragrance of aloe and it last for days, hope this info helps."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. Stroh","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1IH7O6EL7SNBD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Recently ordered the Swifter mop and broom floor cleaner and I love it! It is so easy to use with just snapping the cloths in to place and then using. The mop/broom is very light weight and durable and stores away easily without taking up a lot of room. It is easy to snap together and does not come apart while you are using it (as another less expensive brand did) and glides easily along your floors. I love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Haley Sutton","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1MR09H9S6WUBA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this sweeper. It is a lot easier to use and less messy and dirty than using a mop"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mom2greatkids","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AU21B5JSG23FQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love swiffers, simple, easy to use and light weight. What more can you ask for? We've owned several in the past and always buy a new one when we move!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"primetime","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GMFH4XEZ2332","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Clearly more convenient that sweeping/mopping - as effective? Not really sure, for most I'd guess yes - just be sure to mop thoroughly - definitely have to throw some muscle behind the mop to clean well."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Babydoll","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AO7BA1IX0GLKJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I would recommend this item to anyone who has a problem bending over and not being able to bend down and use a dust pan and a broom. I would give this item a two thumbs up. You are able to see all the dust and dirt that you are not able to see in your dust pan"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"susan a thompson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2O5EXPH8UKUS3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Hate the name, but I use this thing and even look forward to it when I yank it out of the closet. Go ahead and get a swiffer and the dry and wet pads are needed."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"JING CHEN","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1XNAHEWJ6UE9E","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The sweeper is quite small, and it is hard to put a new cloth on it, so generally I just use a towel to put under to clean the hard floor."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"mishy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3B6H9P1WBA6SN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have been hearing about these for a while. I had my doubts, but after using the Swiffer dry and wet - im hooked. I have linoleum and really old wood floors that are covered in black paint. Needless to say, I feel that it cleans really well and you can use both sides! This thing is pretty amazing."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Dimauro","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A24H8IKI4U0WS0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This unit is very easy to assemble and it stores well in small spaces. It does a good job both sweeping and mopping."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"brandon burke","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1AFCOJPBJP08J","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have enjoyed using this product. It picks up and cleans very well and such a great alternative to the broom and dust pan and mop with bucket."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"sissy9","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AT6VSZVX34J4A","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I never used brooms, but used my vacuum cleaner instead. I have fallen in love with the Swiffer Sweeper because of the convenience of using it without having to lug out the heavy vacuum cleaner and plugging it in and putting it away again. The Swiffer dry cloths are designed to pickup and hold every little thing. It has saved me so much time, and by the way, I now sweep my floors everyday. This is a multi-use sweeper, also. I can now wash my floor quickly by installing the wet mop cloth instead of getting out the pail, and all the time involved with that process. My floors are clean all of the time now."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"NTISP","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AMWW2YBAPGSHU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"We use this product in our pharmacy and it meets the requirements of the 797 codes. Great product for the need."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Swaminathan S. Padmanabhan \"Swami\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1AGIESRHGXUAO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Have used this before and works fine. I know I want this product and it works as said. Easy to assemble and start using in few seconds. Comes with couple of dry sheets and a wet sheet to use."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jake","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2O1PZY5R0LCU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The floor pad on my old Swiffer Sweeper began to crumble after many years. I order this new model. The floor pad has been redesigned and the handle is more sturdy than the original. I like it. It's a quick floor sweep for those bread crumbs on the kitchen floor."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Elizabeth Hambright","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A17K7V1G4IL9RM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Replaced carpet with new floors throughout house. Was leary of this product because it broke with some users, but I am having no problems. Gets around and under furniture easily. I do use the washable microfiber cloths with it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gramma","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A33S3PLXJDFGY6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I use this product on my bare floors and sometimes on my walls for dust and webs. I can't think of anything I dislike about the swiffer sweeper. It has a much durable handle than my last one, too."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lee","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1J26WRSH6Y6AZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Nice for the quick once over of the floor before guest come. Great for those boys overseas and wonderful for any home."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Isabel Ortega","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3W50HCEYJHZNY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I like this sweeper. i have wood floors and it mops great on it. Really does the job on picking up any dirt and dust."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ETF","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AACFGP35I2V1X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"this product is amazing! a regular mop and broom never got the stray hair and dust that accumulated on my floor but this product does! my floor looks so clean and after using the mop sheet as well it smells so good! this is a great product to simply try out and see if you like the way the swiffer sweeper and mop work . it comes with two or three sweeper sheets and one mop sheet so you can try it out and see if you like it. would definitly recommend!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Annie123","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3NKVOACRYBRI0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have a carpeted flooring, but cleaning the kitchen and bathroom tiles floor was always tiresome. After using this, it has become so easy. I first clean the area with dry sweeping cloth that locks in all the dirt (It even picks all the hair on the bathroom floor) within minutes. The immediately i use the wet mopping cloth (with the febreeze scent) for a perfect clean. I am so happy that It has reduced the effort like crazy !! ONE QUICK NOTE - one wet refill is only good enough for kitchen and bathroom area, its not enough for even a single room. It dries up fast, but works great."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Audrey","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A26YT3GD77I2MX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love the wet wipes but sometimes the dry ones are best. The swiffer is great and gets the job done!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sylvia Floyd","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2YTHT5FV0H7V3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have trouble with mopping & sweeping I do have a lot of arthritis all over my body. With the Swiffer I can go over the floors with easy. Dust bunnies get under the bed and sofa, I just run the Swiffer under to get all of dust. Wet mop on spots of dirt and spills."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Keith L \"Keith L.\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2Y332SQRM8PE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My daughter kept prodding me to buy this, and it is nice to use and dispose of the cloths when done. It's just a little clumsy trying to hold the cloth in the right position while pressing in the corners."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"happy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2D2WSCDV4E2BB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I was introduced to swiffer Sweeper by a friend. I think it is wonder to use to clean my floor and it was less expensive than in the stores."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mindy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A71Y7QUXZ9Q9D","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I swear I thought of this first a paper towel on my feet with glass cleaner spraying around the kitchen floor, but the thicker and more economical way that swifer does is better and easier"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. Sylvester","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AVEK2PGK85QU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This version is much sturdier than my former Swiffer. It has a larger pad and also does not wobble when used."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Marge \"Marge CC\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2QV00TUUQFMJB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I use it for our bathroom. It's okay since the floor area is small. But I can't imagine myself using it on wider floor areas, because it would be very tideous. I like the concept of disposable cloth wipes, since I am not a fan of handling used rags and washing them."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"RBB \"Forest House Fiberworks\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ANEEUUV9JH7NW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have a small restroom at the office with a tile floor. Didn't want to store a bucket and mop, so this system fills the bill perfectly."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Evan Liewer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RBZWZFWIIYVJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Good price, simple product, great for the kitchen. We are happy with the product and was cheaper here than at walmart."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"shelby","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2AF4MFG274R6A","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"the dry cloths are the bomb! they picked up big pieces of debris! the wet clothjs arent all that cause they dry out quick, but i bought re useable micro fiber cloths and it works fine! love the swiffer!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"SUSAN E. CARVER","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CR0S3DHKKBSO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this Swiffer mop. I use both the dry and wet pads - makes cleaning much easier and faster. This way I use ONE mop for both jobs, not two. Great idea - this is my second one."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"LEF \"Lydia E Fredkin\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A25R1W4UZ9IJDS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a lightweight sweeper. I can use microfiber cloths with it to either dry mop or wet mop. It's easy and convenient."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"George","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3KBTZZDKCR16","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great buy. For very little money you can keep your floors clean. I tried it after I mopped and let the floor dry. It picked up a lot of dirt and dust left over even after mopping."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"icecream1111","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A9S8HBVR7Z4BR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love the swiffer kit. It is so easy and light weight and simple to put together. I use it all the time around the house. Good starting kit and a bit cheaper than from the other stores!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Susan Kay \"Geek, reader, homeschooler\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1JM88SQKGXAVG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It feels pretty cheaply made, like it's going to snap in half with too much mopping action. I won't buy their throwaway \"refills\". We'll use washable microfiber towels."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"spec","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3ARHDN7B4T3PH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Does not clean very well. Need to use a lot of solution and need to scrub first. Better to have a mop"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"NickWizz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYRL0033UI557","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Of course, swiffer does it again. I love using it to quickly swiff the floors in my apartment. The wet mob also does a good not the best but good job."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Albert Chung","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1607NRNIFBPX4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I used the one wet refill they give with the mop and that was wasted cleaning my very small college dorm. I could still feel some dirt that the mop didn't pick up."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Lynzie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AAUU9PY4Y7W1U","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Swiffer is a household name for a reason. I hate traditional mops; the buckets, the mess, the occasional wet dog smell from the mop fibers... this product is exactly what I needed. The sweeper is basically useless for me; I find that a broom does a better job with just as much effort, but the mop is great. Note that the starter kit only comes with a few wet sheets. My landlord replaced all of the carpet in the house I'm renting with tile, even in the bedrooms, so those few wet sheets were nowhere near enough to get through the house. The refill kits aren't especially expensive, especially if you pick them up at somewhere like Big Lots, but they do add up over time, so keep that in mind."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"K. Sheehan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UOSYIC8D0LBP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I would give this 5 stars except the replacement cloths are pricey. However, I have been wahing my cloths and reusing them. It make this product affordable."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Reviewer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CW2UZMZ4I0MI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love these. Not sure how well these actually clean your floor, but they're convenient and get the house smelling great. They have a nice, baby powder scent that isn't overpowering but get plenty of ooohs and ahhs from guests."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"QueenB","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2A8EWHJLR09N5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is my second Swiffer. The handle broke on the last one but I think this one is stronger. I have never been known to like house cleaning and would avoid it at all costs. With the swiffer it is very easy too sweep floors. The dust clings to the disposable cloth and then you throw out the cloth! So you don't have the dirt hanging around any more. It's much more sanitary than a broom or a dry mop. It swivels so you can get around furniture easily. A genius invented this thing! PS I use the cloths for dusting also."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Carlos Dinero","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LEUW70SFN44W","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I don't know why I've been using a mop and a broom for so long when I could've just been using this. It's such a time saver and it picks up every piece of dirt. You should sweep the floor first using a regular broom and then use the swiffer sweeper to pick up all the excess dirt and grime. After using the sweeper then use the swiffer mop and you're all done."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"C. CASTRO \"Isil\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2SC9XT1WDVJNG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Just got this, arrived in great time. I haven't really used it yet but I tried the mop thingies over a sort of dusty table and noticed dust actually jumping to the thingy and staying there. God bless static."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sharon fuller","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1NQ12ADEU5V5J","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"thanks for the starter kit. I love using this product on all my floors, from hardwood to tile it works great on everything."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"M. Sanchez \"low tech\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SPCJ8N0ILOU6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Was living in a two level home, needed one downstairs and one upstairs for convenience to keep the floors clean, Always worth the price, this is a useful household item. I wish they made them a little more sturdy though. They bend and eventually break after 2-3 years of regular use. But for $10-$12, that's really ok."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Brewton Baby \"Honolulu Mama\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZH419IZOWETK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I use this system exclusively on my kitchen and bathroom floors. I no longer have a need for a steam cleaner or other fancy hard floor cleaner. This system is light as a feather and works well in both wet and dry mode."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Liz Wood","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A33DSD1D9LO9RE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I had never bought a stiffer and now I legitimately like cleaning. So easy to use and store but I wish it came with more fillers"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"JMAC","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A18KRP2JRZ2SKH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is so light and easy to use. You don't need a bucket..just toss the refill, replace it and your back in business."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"justyouraveragebuyer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2LJN67OMML1CH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is exactly what you would get if you went to the store, great quality, wonderful buy, works great! Love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"redcrosssh","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3R3MPXVPITICQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"this product is very easy to use, reasonable price. and after use, do not need to wash the mop cloth again. I am very happy with that."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Elphy 2","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3ENX1Y48DJQVK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The kit has enough you get you started and you;'ll need the two mopping clothes if you have a houseful of tile or hardwood floors. And it really gets the dirt. Amazing the stuff you don't see when it's on the floor. The dust cloths get the loose stuff and makes way for the wet cloths. When finished throw all cloths away and your finished...no cleanup or hanging up wet mops and emptying buckets of dirty water."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Bryan J. Kautzman \"BK\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A8P8KPVXCWV9R","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I've seen a of of reviews on here about how the handle on this unit is prone to breaking. I think it must absolutely be emphasized that this is not a scrubber. If I have some stuck on juice or dirt that needs a bit of scrubbing, I'll get on my hands and knees and scrub it. I've been using this for about two years now, and my house has never been cleaner."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"B. Brittain","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15YLGFV1VQHNP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love it, quality is improved over the one I had when it first came on the market. Great for my hardwood floors"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Eric","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2RGA7UGAN3UL7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I loved this thing for my \"faux wood floors\" in my old apartment. Don't get much use out of it now that I have carpet."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"B. Garbe \"Former Fat Boys Dot Com\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1U2YHOESZHSAO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"What can I say? This was a retail packaged starter kit for the Swiffer to replace our 5 year old Swiffer that finally broke. Everything was as described. Great deal. This is not a Wet Jet...but I don't want a Wet Jet...so, perfect."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Camila","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A18HCJW9FFMX9F","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Perfect for someone who wants to try by both of them. You can use one time each, then you have to buy more, but the price is pretty good comparing to the ones in the store."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rachel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A31MR1L2OSE20C","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Easy to assemble. The assembly comes in a very concise pkt. Easy to load/ change the sheets. Guess the refills are pricey, we can substitute the dry sheets with bounty if needed"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"ben","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WS51ZMNMNFFM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This Broom/Mop Is very useful is you have a fairly small area to clean, Its very light so your arms don't get tired and its very easy to use."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"frenchtoast","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATT57LO1X4SHQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I bought this because we just installed laminate flooring in our den. Works well to get up the dust and is easy to move around. The size works well and it picks up a lot of stuff without much effort. I haven't used it as a wet duster because I have a steamer for that."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"MzLizz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1X5S8GIRGIMDT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I hate mopping but the Swiffer does a great job! I love it, love it, love it! I recommend it to everyone even people who don't like cleaning because it takes all the hassle away. It's easy to put together and easy to store since it's so thin/small. It has different parts to connect together which makes it perfect for different heights. It's amazing and it's the only way I clean."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Juan Atiaga","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LPA0X5YNPWQU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Cheap, easy, lightweight... and I can use the cleaning pads both in this mop and in the Mint cleaner! Works great."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"H. Waterman","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2M9JE3YW25ZW6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this, easy to use and does what it says on the tin, well made and will last. Happy to give 4 stars and recommend."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Whistle","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1D1DFSKZ67WMG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very simple, easy to use - hard to find elsewhere but refills available at Costco. Takes up little space. Could not be easier or simpler"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"b16a2","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WL5V5F8NETCW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The Swiffer Sweeper is a great tool to clean your hard floor surfaces with quickly, and is really great for the person that wants to routinely dust and clean their floors in between larger cleanings. The system also does includes wet rags for more of a mopping effect, but this system really shines for dry dusting the floor. The mop handle is very quick to assemble, and is much sturdier than a version from 5 years ago which I assembled. The mop is maneuverable and is great for reaching into hard-to-reach areas and under furniture. I highly recommend this for anyone that would like to keep their floors free of dust, especially those with small children who are always all over the floor."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Rach \"Rach\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2B7WTKMPYA24O","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This swiffer seems a little bit flimsier than older versions, but oh well, it's getting the job done so far."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Katie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A0065839ZG91EIIIO00C","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Sweet and simple! I don't need anything too fancy and this works great. For some reason the original sweeper is harder to find than I thought. I love how you can mop and sweep using the same apparatus."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Candice","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A34L92KKDXA57P","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Perfect and cheaper than buying it in store. Comes with 2 dry cloths and one wet cloth sample. Easy to assemble."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"nicegal9818","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A24E8FQDHVACWP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I completely forgot how much I hated the smell of Swiffer floor cleaner and I bought this product a couple weeks ago after moving into a new apartment that has a very small kitchen and a smallish bathroom. I thought this would be easy to store away in a closet when not using and due to not having a lot of tiled surface in the apartment, I thought this would be perfect and easy. I haven't used this in many years and now I remember why I hate it so much. The smell is soooo chemical and I just can't handle it. The one thing that I do kind of like about this product is the dry clothes. I use a regular broom, then use the dry clothes because they do attract hair and other small particles. With 3 women with long hair in my household, that's very useful. I'm going to buy some microfiber clothes for the bottom and try the Method floor cleaner instead. Since I already use Method cleaning products for the rest of the house, I'm not sure why I just didn't do that in the first place :("}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"marilene berthier","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3OD20L5DKHELU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have five inside dogs, so I have fur balls, this did very well in picking up the fur and cleaning up the floor in a very short time."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Pip S.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A4ONN6TUSPQ3Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The quality of these is not great but it works pretty well other than that. It seems to pick up anything and everything on my floor: hair, dirt, dust, part of son's lunch he dropped on the floor and anything else you can think of. It always seems like it's about to break whenever I use it but it's still intact for now."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"mary","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2RB5XOUQPO13D","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It arrives in time, and function as it is expected. one connection bud in one of the sticks won't pop out, but since there are two bud, it still works for now."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rod","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A12VFCTTG3FFRW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I bought for my mom in law because she could take it with her in her bag. And you can disassemble and store it if you don't have many space..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sean Bates","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39836MWIHA908","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Purchased other mops and knock offs... what wasi thinking. For $9.. best thing ever Get one and dont look back"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mark","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29LIYLZJNL4TE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Our original had been slowing falling apart - design flaw. This one is great! They removed the grey rubber bottom and replaced it with a pad that just makes sense! Great improvement - no worries at all with this one!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"mimers","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3I2YGQASKJPN7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It definitely does a decent job of cleaning the hardwood floors. However for maximum cleanness I sweep the floor up first with an old fashion bloom before I use the Swiffer mop. The mop alone won't pick up all the crumbs and dirt laying around the house."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"gloria","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3OHDR28SP1Y57","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love any Swiffer brand product. The concept is so clean. Normal brooms, dusters and mops hold dirt and germs that are spread around time after time. Using the Swiffer you get fresh and clean every time and with such a fresh clean sent."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"S. Dosaj","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYVA1OS3PL19K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A time saver and super practical clean up tool. It's great for wood, laminate, and tile surfaces. I love the way it can maneuver around furniture legs, underneath sofas and beds, and reach into that narrow area beside the refrigerator!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jade C. Stewart","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A37FYNS6NBRE4M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great sweeper, it's so helpful around the house, I just wish I had bought the sweeper vac. The pads are easy to change, it picks up all the hair and dirt off he floor, I am so glad I bought this. I use it on all my floors."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"K. Kullman \"Karen\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2CWJA7DF8R3LA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This swiffer mop was an excellent deal. compared to other sellers who were charging so much more for the same mop and same quality. The seller shipped my order quickly and overall im very pleased with my swiffer mop!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"masison.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1RXD3UGK0UMAW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"No! I was looking for one like the original, with extensions that screwed in, to make the wand longer. This did not. The picture showed ones, where the extensions screwed in, this one did NOT! Very disappointed."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"P. Witthauer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3R4E28OCMV6X9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have three dogs and the swiffer is great for touch ups, but I find that I have to change the disposable pad very often. A vacuum cleaner does a better job, but the swifter is quicker, easier and lighter."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Wanda Willey","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A56G3XQQ7JCNW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I like that this one is slightly larger than my old one and I like the new handle. My old Swiffer was very old. Unfortunately, I managed to break it (not the fault of the Swiffer)! Same great cleaning!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"michael myers","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AD7QOR3VCWSNZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great.works as described. use it for a small room with tile floor so perfect also good price and arrived on time I use amazob a lot so prime is worth it. 2nd day air for a swiffer sweeper is awesome."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Martha","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2YKYA3QL5J3JQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This product is so great, a family member lifted my original and none were available in the typical stores in my area so I came to amazon... Thanks for providing me with another resource."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Pancho Cole","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1FZUQFWI3CKDX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I use my Swiffer Sweeper with Bissell Steam Mop heads to clean my tile floors, they fit over the top of the Swiffer, and they scrub my tile floors very thoroughly"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Diana","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1SYMOBNOP0T45","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This comes with the swiffer mop and starter pads. Cheaper than buying at the store, and this thing is perfect for my small apartment kitchen"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"NANCY EDWARDS","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2RN4BYT9U1L10","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"One of the most easy and practical applications on the market ...... and it does not break easily ..... like one would imagine."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"M. Jolyne","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3P5YYZRUU070X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is one of the best floor cleaner I owned. I have a tile floor and it truly picks up all the hair, the dust and dirt."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"L. Knox","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15H3034ZIM8K3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Works perfectly. Nice part is that the duster head isn't wide, so it goes where other bigger dusters can't fit."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Robert Bressler \"rbbayernde\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2Y28OB5SIGKK3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I tired it out the first time yesterday 9/27/14 and it works just as advertised. It just picks up all dirt."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mable Strouble \"Mable Strouble \"smiling e...","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYJVU2JRHB86B","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I said goodbye to my old mop forever hello swiffer sweeper another great product from a great company."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ms. V","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29112K1FWXLFH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"i love this because the only things i need to mop are tiny and i dont need a huge mop laying around."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kdinsky \"kdinsky\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1XNXOEMW5Y4PT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The product is perfect for the price. Definitely not a heavy duty cleaner, but it works in a jiffy!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Adam","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2A57LU86SDAQI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Works ok. Still not the best tool for cleaning floors, but good for loose dirt to an extent."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"R. Mcadam","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1H4SNIPY23LL8","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"its great for picking up the smaller dust and it really does pick up what the broom misses. the problem is the wet pad. it comes out of the package sopping wet and dries out before you've finished half the floor. the cleaner on the pad leaves the floor sticky and unpleasent to walk on -- i'm better off with a traditional mop. one nice thing though is that the pad is disposable and the scrubber works really well -- if only it weren't such a challenge to flip the swiffer over."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Guillermo Fernandez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2Y4D004N9RD6Y","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This leaves a milky residue on my hardwood floors. I'm back to old-fashioned mopping."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"JRougeou","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3958OVICGCQHF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Give this a 5 star review. The Swiffer Sweeper is easy to put together, and to use."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"bill s.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3M9QTKE62K8CW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"the original one finally broke after 5 years.works great especially for the price"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"STRONG BOY","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1EDDKNLTALCK5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"best thing we ever did ordering this we love it works great on hardwood and tile."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mrs. Marjorie M. English \"MARGE ENGLISH\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AR8M6RPV4YK7T","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"better than I expected, very handy for small spaces, like bathrooms and hallways"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Niloo Z.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1L44YDBOLM77E","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"LOVE LOVE LOVE!! i'm lazy to clean up but this has made my life 10x easier!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Nniiccoollee","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1T4URSGZND1SQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The wipes are pretty good - you really have to push and scrub hard though"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jose A. Prado \"high water jump suits and a ra...","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A109JF0TW2AOEG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"best thing you can do for your floors is get him new BFF #helloswiffer"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"julie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1PO1ZVEA78LJX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Poorly designed product. Flimsy. It can dust but it's nothing special."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Book & Music Lover","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1WMVV2AHMONSO","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"Do people not realize that this product is a waste of money. I mean use something you can wash and reuse. Proctor and Gamble are laughing all the way to the bank."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"A. Stewart","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3TG7NHLBUK496","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"This Swiffer is by far the best cat toy I have ever bought. Our kitten loves chasing it around each night while pouncing on it. It is very cute. Also it cleans floors good."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Michael Smith \"Michael\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AB2LEDTZ9D68L","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"This is a fine product for light-duty floor dusting. Does a great job of picking up dust, light dirt and cat hair, but is absolutely useless with cat litter. Anyone who has a cat knows they track litter, its unavoidable. Cat litter is like tiny little ball-bearings and they just roll right under the pad. The wet pads are also good at getting up grime and spills, but ALWAYS leaves streaks. Overall a good, light-duty floor cleaning product."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"midwesterner \"Passingthru\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A20Z9Y3POX1H28","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"nice sweeper and compact with easy assembly and dis assembly"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BT70UT0P13SX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent. Does the job! Would have loved to see it in red."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Sheraz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2RYMBYV8WJBBD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Works really well. Makes my floor shining!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mandy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3AAXPK061H9ME","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Took so much time off my cleaning routine!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Janeane","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1M9WFWGOGWSGW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"easy to use and makes cleaning easy...."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"A. D.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2I51EHSI8FH06","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Works wonders in hard to reach places."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Olebogeng ntuka","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3TXSKETSB1LD1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It works good so far. A little wobbly"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jessica Marti","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ABXCFHM2AYRKN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"As described and great product."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Crystal Ellefson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2SE0GOUA2N7AQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love mopping with my swiffer."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Angela Petronilla Passee","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1FP1FUENEHHTG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent products love it."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MYQWDKCO3AA9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great product fast delivery"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Russell","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1N55GR1H52SJ3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Gets the dusk up easy....."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"E. R. \"reader\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A30C17E675PDHY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Arrived when I expected."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Ilya Iofik","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2A2U8M4HMPTYN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great mop. Great price!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Shelby","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1GA1X9S43GBOG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Nice to have around."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"P.J. P.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MAM6S24BMDZT","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"Swiffers are amazing! They make cleaning up so easy- I highly recommend them to everyone!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Norman Cutter \"alyosha10\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2R0GYPW8JJNZW","Helpful Votes":"2.0/4.0","Review":"This is like a fancy fishing lure that doesn't catch fish, just fishermen. It 'looks' like it should work,..only problem is: it doesn't. After a couple passes, it just moves the dirt around. Much Much better, use a couple big damp towels, push them around with your foot, turn over, repeat,..rinse, dry for next time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"N. Beitler \"Avid Reader\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LG1DKUZXGJ6J","Helpful Votes":"2.0/4.0","Review":"I first used a Swiffer product down at IL State Police Academy when we had to regularly sweep up the barracks floors - a polished cement surface. It worked great, there, and I purchased one for myself to bring along with me on side-jobs when I did painting projects. The hardest things for me to clean-up, well, after painting projects was dust on hardwood floors - not the sort of thing shop vacs excel at. Now I suck up all the big pieces off the floor with the shop vac and follow up with the Swiffer to get the film of dust up. Works great, and the price I paid for the product on amazon was better than any store's regular price. Now I consider this product a must-have for cleaning up hardwwod surfaces."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Robin Butrick \"Robin\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ABANYGMIC70ZV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Box was crushed."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Rick Od","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LWQ246ZWI95M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very affordable."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lonny Friedman","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7ZZ46KLT8PDX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is great!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Vicente Albornoz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1GPYBRFSS8T0Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Good products"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Mary Ingrum","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3R1TUGKWTUY9V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Good product"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"bosce","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AWG20IL4ACVNT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"works great"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mith","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A38WQ3J99WK5NK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Good deal!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kittykisses \"Kittykisses\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A10YHHXK6OKAMA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Received brand new kit as ordered, arrived on time, packaging completely intact, and came with two dry cloths and one wet cloth. Perfect purchase, not much else to say. I already knew what I was purchasing and it was simply a matter of wanting a good price, so I bought it here at Amazon."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"ATX Amazon Fan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A18HEQCDFE614E","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I was inundated with choices for a Swiffer. So, I went to their website and conducted the online test to determine which Swiffer was right for me. This was it, based on wood and tile floors, etc. It seems to work very well and it was a good value for the price on Amazon. And, the pricing was cheaper than anywhere else I could find. I just hired a maid so we will see how it works out for her."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"K W","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AG4TID9GCC8DD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Probably should have just gotten a broom... we have mostly carpeting in our apartment and tile in the kitchen and bathroom. This would work great on wood or laminate floors but does nothing for debris - which I knew, but sort of forgot when I ordered this. The electrostatic cloth is great for dusting though!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Amusing.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39Y15WTA1NCOG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I had high hopes for this product because I despised cleaning with a mop and broom. The dry pads picked up dirt and debris for about 5 feet and then it just pushed things around. The wet pads dried after I cleaned just a fraction of my kitchen. Sadly, I'll have to return to a mop and broom."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel Park","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1X0RJXUEJL8CS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"PolishPaul","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A272NIRNSNH0CW","Helpful Votes":"3.0/6.0","Review":"I just moved into an apartment with hardwood floors. I tried using the dry pad to sweep up but everything just flies around it. I ended up buying a small vacuum! But onto the wet pads. This whole thing is a gimmick! I started mopping up the floor after vacuuming and i could see that the liquid would simply not adhere to the stains. There were shoe prints (clean) for example that were not visible until I started mopping - the spot where the clean shoe contacted the floor would repel the wet cleaner. There were other stains like a simple water/juice spot that still remain! I had to put some serious elbow grease to get this thing to clean anything. It also ran out of \"juice\" rather quickly in my tiny studio! Even in the tiled kitchen floor it could not defeat the simplest of stains!!! I'm talking about a drop of dirty water on the tile! This is something that comes out with a regular sponge and cleaner, the old fashioned way. As many products out in the market (like the 'spray' your couch clean) this is simply another gimmick. A simple sponge and a rag with a small bucket outperforms this toy in a heart beat. If you really want a clean floor, don't even think about these products, go the old fashion way. And its not like i don't know how to use it either! I will say however that I am a clean freak and i do expect great results, which is the reason I revert to using proven techniques that our parents/grandparents used. The only good thing out of this purchase is that i can use a rag or even a Bounty paper towel as a refill and use this as a simple mop. Forget those pads! Pros: Simple and small mop to use with a rag or paper towels. Cons: Total gimmick. Does not work well at all!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mayra Luz Muoz Contreras","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AHYV4D99M17YV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"love"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Barbara","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1AVBJXLU2KGSI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Our daughter installed hard wood floors into our grand daughters' bedrooms. We felt this would do a better job than wooley mops."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Zapevalova Nataliya","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39JHJCSOFLHNW","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":"??????? ??? ????? ??????????! ???? ???????? ??? ???????? ? ?????? ???! ?????,???? ? ???? ????????. ?????????? ??? ????? ?????? - ????? ? ???????."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Stephanie Buckmier","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A290ZT8DL8NRYF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"For small areas or you will be changing the pad often."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Laughing Mama \"LaughingMama\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3F87Y6PK8TY1U","Helpful Votes":"2.0/5.0","Review":"My baby has eczema. Eczema is very frequently caused by contact with synthetic detergents and detergent-containing dust (which is everywhere in the industrialized world because even our shampoo and toothpaste are chock full of synthetic detergents). I have had to COMPLETELY eliminate all detergent-containing products from my home -- from usual toothpaste to dishwasher agent. I found the information about the link between asthma, eczema and detergents on solveeczema dot org. Within two weeks my baby's skin cleared completely from the rash... I would like to use the Swiffer disposable wet cloths for cleaning our floors -- but their pre-moistening solution is chock full of synthetic detergents and toxic-chemical laden fragrance.... How disappointing. I hope that P&G will put out their \"wet\" cloths in the non-toxic version, without pre-moistening the cloths with their toxic solution.... This way, I could just pre-moisten the cloths with water and vinegar.... It's sad that in the industrialized countries today, our homes and bodies are used as dumping grounds for thousands of toxic chemicals... Hence the sky-rocketing rates of auto-immune diseases and cancer...."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"David L. Seveland","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UKIYMH8VMZQ3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Excellent product."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jocelyn Hernandez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15HJ86CF0QJOD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"The best thing"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Songdog","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2EHH5W5TP5P40","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"Didn't realize these came without a motor. Without a motor they are almost as useful as a breast on a boar hog."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Marie Cole","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2GKP39N8XI1A8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"I did not get the Swiffer starter kit. It was ordered and paid for but not received. I want the starter kit."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Danny Lee","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2OI5I97OJJD3J","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"no good"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mary horvath","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A4N2JJFOV25WY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I like."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"denise cutkelvin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1I0EIMCPNPY30","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"crap"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Gloria A Lourenco","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3538OSOBAEZVP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"very little for the money"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Custom Performance","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A289WY0ULCPB0V","Helpful Votes":"4.0/10.0","Review":"Very flimsy construction. At best it's a very small cheesy duster or broom. Cannot \"clean\" the floor with it because when wet the pad falls off. After trying to get used to it for 6 months we put in the dumpster where it belongs and went back to what works, a broom and a mope and bucket. The market is driven by the current major economic problem, people are getting very lazy and careless across the country trying to find ways of getting out of doing any work at all."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"MARK","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A331JWXZ4FLE0T","Helpful Votes":"0.0/4.0","Review":"PRODUCT WAS AS SPECIFIED IN ADD. IT WAS GOOD EXPERIENCE TO DEAL WITH THIS COMPANY AND WOULD RECOMEND TO OTHERS."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rebecca of Amazon \"The Rebecca Review\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A281NPSIMI1C2R","Helpful Votes":"0.0/4.0","Review":"I was going to buy a Swiffer Wet Jet but I heard the chemicals used in the cleaner were toxic to pets. But recently while visiting my mom she showed me how to use this Swiffer Sweeper with a regular cleaning cloth and the cleaner of your choice. So if you have pets I would not recommend you using the wet refill cloths that come with this product. Instead I use Lysol kitchen cleaner which I spray on the floor and then wipe off with the sweeper. I found it only takes minutes to clean the kitchen floor. So much better than cleaning on your hands and knees. Now I won't dread the job of cleaning the kitchen floor. Who has time to fill up a bucket and use a regular mop? I'd rather be reading. So thanks to my mom for buying me this mop. I love it. ~The Rebecca Review"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Debra Marquez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29Z1YPART7ZXA","Helpful Votes":"1.0/8.0","Review":"not what I thought it was. My mistake I wanted the vacuum one, because my dog ate my cord to charge. also the mop part where you adhere the cloth"}
