{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"CynicalKiwi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BHWD0J1UMRZV","Helpful Votes":"22.0/29.0","Review":"From what I've experienced so far, this is definitely one of my favorite Mario Kart games. I daresay it bypasses even Mario Kart Wii--my previous favorite. The graphics, soundtrack, and track design are all amazing. The game also supports off-TV play, so you can play on only the Gamepad if you want to (as long as your Gamepad is within range of your Wii U; range varies depending on wall thickness, amount of obstructions, etc). My one complaint is Battle Mode. Rather than, like the previous entries, giving you tracks made specifically for Battle Mode, in MK8 you have to battle on the same tracks that you race on, which isn't nearly as fun in my opinion."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dov","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A32INZ3I2Y7ETB","Helpful Votes":"7.0/8.0","Review":"My favorite MK in the series has always been Mario Kart 64. The 3DS and DS versions round out the top 3 MK. I bought it to play with my 5 year old but unfortunately he doesn't really care for this. Yet. Oh well, because I played it last night after I put him to bed and this game is awesome. Things I like: 1. The 150CC levels are more challenging than ever. You will need a little weapon luck to finish in first place. 2. The graphics are awesome. I was particularly impressed with how they revised \"Sherbet Land.\" 3. If you fall off the track, there is a much faster mechanism in place to get you back in the race. Things I am not sure about: 1. Don't really care about customization of the car. 2. Is it me, or do I not have complete control of my power slide - power up? In the 64 version, I could do left -right - left - right and BOOM. In this one ( and the DS versions) I'm not sure if I have complete control over this function or if it somewhat automated. It feels automated, as in I have to be sliding for a long enough period of time for the full boost to kick in. I've been playing Nintendo since the very beginning with Kung Fu and Balloon Fight the NES. Wii U is a great system and this is the best game that I've played on it to date. Its the best entry to this fantastic series!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jeffrey D. Corry","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LA7YG1Y1FRZ3","Helpful Votes":"4.0/4.0","Review":"This may or may not be a work of fiction. Many years ago, I was a Mario Kart LOSER. I only had friends that would invite me over so they could smear my face into the pavement in Mario Kart on the SNES. My grades suffered. My cats died. I read really long fantasy books in my bedroom late at night so I would feel powerful. In high school I found I had a gift for all things involving the track. Except girls. They thought I was a jerk. Well. Some of them. Just the ones I was a jerk to. ANYWAY. During my college years I began to improve my Mario Kart skills with Double Dash. Strange things started happening. Ladies started to like me. I got good grades. I began singing and dancing. Finally I met the girl of my dreams. She liked Mario Kart. I was on to something. We married. Had 3 children. Still played Mario Kart. Coincidence? I think not. Then I heard about Mario Kart 8. Upside down driving. Beautiful graphics. A free game from Nintendo just for buying... Of course I couldn't pass it up. To say I am most please is an understatement. This game has turned me into a new man. I have recently finished writing 11 chapters of my book. Why? Mario Kart. I have moved from being a third grade teacher to a sixth grade teacher. Why? Do we need to ask? Mario Kart. My children just nominated me for Dad of the Year in our House. Why? Because of Mario Kart. This game will turn your life around...and upside down. Online is good also. Just buy it...but do it before the free game deal is up from Nintendo. Pikmin 3 was my choice. It is also life altering."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John Kless","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A289EZ8DD3R7T2","Helpful Votes":"4.0/4.0","Review":"I had the choice between PS4 Watchdogs and Mario Kart 8, I chose Mario Kart. Best choice ever. Since getting it, my other systems haven't been turned on and it hasn't been removed from my Wii U. If Nintendo had this as a launch game they would have ruled this generation. The most impressive thing about the graphics are the reflection effects, especially in puddles on the tracks. The rest of the reviewers have hit on other high points."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Alex K","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3KZDS16VTCBCD","Helpful Votes":"8.0/10.0","Review":"FIrst of all the core of what this game is is done very well. Controls are tight, graphics are outstanding, character selection is wonderful and kart customization is better than ever. I have a few issues however - - My biggest issue is online chat. You CANNOT chat in game with your mic and headset, not even with friends. You can only chat with friends in lobbies before the race starts. You can't chat with unconfirmed friends at all. This is extremely dissapointing. While I understand Nintendo wanting to stay family friendly, there is no excuse for them not atleast allowing chat in game with friends. This is 2014, get with the times Nintendo. - No battle arenas for battle mode, you simply battle on the tracks which is silly as they are far too large and you end up just driving around aimlessly trying to find people. This essentially means there is no battle mode in Mario Kart 8. Because of these 2 flaws I can only give 4 stars but what really matters AKA the core racing mode gamplay is flawless and this is a must buy for any Wii U owner."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ryan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3F70743BDAT66","Helpful Votes":"6.0/7.0","Review":"I purchased a wii u specifically to play mario kart 8 and I have not been disappointed. The game has been outstanding so far. I have played the previous mario kart games but this one is my favorite. The graphics and audio effects are some of the best on the wii u. I highly recommended the game for all owners of the wii u."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Michael S. Dougherty","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1XTKY139TZ6Q7","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"There is no other way to describe Mario Kart 8. It is Mario Kart. If you love Mario Kart, you will love this game. If you hate Mario Kart, you will continue to hate this one. The formula is tampered with very very little. Sure there are a couple new items, and the hover parts of the track are nifty, but at it's core it is the same as every other MK game. I don't mean that to sound over critical, the MK formula is like the formula for Coke; don't screw with it. But maaaybe a little more freshness would have been nice. Also, while the core game is there, and there are lots of unlocks, and a goodly amount of tracks...it's pretty straightforward. Not much to do here besides run the actual races, either online or solo. The replay stuff is mild fun, and the slow mo function is sure to elicit lots of malicious giggles at your most vicious take-downs. But given the viral popularity of the \"luigi death stare\" and clips of mad racing exploits, I think Nintendo missed a golden opportunity to add a really fleshed out replay editor and sharing community. I know they don't like to add highly technical \"do it yourself\" kind of things to their games, because they envision their products as toys not tech. But this is also a generation of kids growing up playing Minecraft, I'm pretty sure they could handle it and build a community around it. Also given the amount of awesome side stuff they pack into Smash Bros. titles, a little extra lovin in Mario Kart would have felt appropriate. Lastly, for those uninitiated to Mario Kart, I will offer this warning. You may think you are a good person. You may think you could never say an unpleasant word to your TV screen. You may think you would never wish a fiery painful death on 11 other random people. But if you play this game, it will drag out the most repressed psychotic foul mouthed hate demon that dwells in the deepest recesses of your soul and set it free amongst a world of bright colors and cheery cartoon characters. And chances are, you will enjoy yourself."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ryan P. Kelso","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AEILHRX2OTPLD","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"To give my perspective on Mario Kart, I'll say that I spent countless blissful hours of my youth duking it out on the tracks of Super Mario Kart and Mario Kart 64 with my friends and family, as well as whittling down my fastest Time Trials records on my favorite tracks. For me, MK64 very narrowly takes the crown as best in the series. With Mario Kart 8, that crown is in jeopardy. Whilst I enjoyed the GBA and DS entries (and secretly yearned for a Virtual Boy installment... yes, I had one of those), the handheld versions lacked the spark for me. For that reason, and feeling like I'd outgrown handheld gaming, I never played MK7 on the 3DS. I Never owned a Wii either, and what little of Mario Kart Wii I played, I could not stand it for the ridiculous AI rubber-banding. Double-Dash on the 'Cube was very good, with some brilliant tracks, gorgeous graphics for the time, and lots of interesting new gameplay elements, but didn't have the \"it factor\" of the first two games in the series. It also seemed like the flash point for the fun-and-soul-sucking cheap AI tricks. Enter Mario Kart 8. Right away I felt overwhelmingly positive about the game. The gameplay seemed to return to the series roots, where racing is the focus, skills prevail, and items add to the fun and chaos of the race, they don't define it (more often than not). And I couldn't stop smiling. And I still can't stop smiling as I rack up more hours with this game. You can't help it; this is a game that just nails almost every detail. I'm so happy to have coins back; they add an interesting gameplay element and should never have disappeared. The air, water, and anti-gravity sequences add variety to the tracks but work seamlessly and do not mess with the pace or feel of the game. I guess the air/gliding parts alter the handling characteristics a lot and they aren't my favorite, but they aren't over used. The stupid rubber-banding is mostly gone and should never return. Mario Kart 8 plays so much better for it. Item balance is much improved, with fewer catastrophic chains of punishment when you are in or near the front of the pack. Fewer blue shells and the super horn for defense only improve the game. Honestly, I wouldn't shed a tear if they eventually removed the blue shell entirely, it really only serves to frustrate without really helping the player that uses it. I have no problem with the race leader getting an abundance of coin items (and the fact that you can't carry an extra item) because those in the front of the pack shouldn't just always have a get out of jail free card or two in hand. It's obvious to anyone, but the graphics are phenomenal in every way. It would have been great if MK8 ran in full 1080p instead of upscaling 720p or had at least some type of anti-aliasing to smooth out jagged pixels, but this is the most minor of complaints. This game proves that the Wii U has plenty of horsepower for high-definition graphics. Maybe not on the same level as the PS4 or XBONE, but those consoles are still weaker than a mid-range PC of two years ago, so if this is what you care about then you're looking in the wrong place. Talent and art direction trumps raw power. The music and sound is the best I've ever heard from a video game. The live bands, the surround sound, the tunes, it's awesome. Online multiplayer is good. It could be better, but I'll still spend a ton of time with it. It plays very smooth and lag free, it feels like playing offline. I've had a few times where I was hit by some unknown item where I had no indication of what it was, which hasn't happened while offline. There needs to be rankings, leaderboards, and such. This is an unfortunate omission, even if tournaments somewhat have it. There needs to be more interaction with other players and friend list integration. Not during races though, I'm fine without it. That's what local multiplayer and couches are for. I always get a lot of mileage out of Time Trials and am happy with how they work in MK8. There is good ghost integration and I like how you can see where your best run lands on the bell curve. That's cool. I've seen a lot of e-tears out there regarding Battle Mode, but I don't really care about it. I played a TON of battle mode in SMK and MK64, but to me the concept has grown tired could be completely replaced by some other new mode. I understand some people still like it and I wish they would have at least included some remakes of the best classic battle mode courses like Block Fort, but I'm over it. The kart/bike customization thing doesn't do too much for me. I wish you could see character base stats when choosing them and I wish it were easier to see and compare the stats of all the different components. It doesn't seem to add so much to the game when so many components have the same stats, too. It also seems to me like the impact of your character choice, kart customization, and handling/traction stats don't translate really well to how your setup actually feels on the track. I'm still a little confused there. I guess I just want to find my favorite setup then spend my time perfecting it on the track. All the choices just are just superfluous to me. All the controller choices on the Wii U are a little absurd if you ask me, it just serves to confuse people and make us spend more money. That said, by far my favorite option for MK8 is the Wii U Pro Controller. It feels perfect. The gamepad doesn't fit my hands well for this game and doesn't add enough features to fully take advantage of it. The fact that you can't do local multiplayer with one person on the gamepad screen and another on the TV is just... I don't know what to say. I hope they had a good reason for it. I like setting up the gamepad with the map that I can glance to, but sometimes miss having it on screen, and it's pretty lame to not have it at all when another player is using the gamepad. So Mario Kart 8 is starting to feel like my new favorite in the series, which for me says a lot. We'll see how I feel when the newness fully wears off, but I like its chances. This game is not without its faults, but I feel overwhelmingly positive about it. None of the faults are individually or all-together worth docking it a star. Just buy the game. If you don't have a Wii U and you are still reading this, go buy the MK8 bundle right now. You won't be sorry. Unless you are the human incarnation of the fun-and-soul-sucking blue shell, in which case, consider yourself super-horned."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mr. Freeze","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A30AA7U2BX0CHG","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"First I want to establish that I downloaded this from the Nintendo eShop, I did not purchase this on Amazon. This game is a lot of fun, and it has a lot of charm, the visuals are great, and the gameplay is fantastic. What I thought was really unique were the visuals that Mario Kart 8 used. It seems that Nintendo was heavily influenced by F-Zero, specifically, F-Zero GX. By this I mean the cool visual tricks used during gameplay. The tracks are not always on flat ground, many of the tracks have the racers go up (or down) vertical walls, race upside-down, and race underwater. It is a really cool visual treat, and it really reminds me of F-Zero GX. I want to give kudos to Nintendo for using a great racing game as an influence. In addition to the visuals, I really liked the gameplay. I grew up with Mario Kart and Mario Kart 64, so I know what old Mario Kart games feel like; I mention this because I was disappointed with Mario Kart Wii. However, I felt this game really focused more on the 'kart' racing and less on silly gimmicks. I also love the online play and how easy it is to jump in and out of a game. It is really cool to be able to race NPC's than compare your skills to real people."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"K. Lovick \"Keen Queen\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MPYMJ0Y4WF49","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"My kids and I have been anxiously waiting this game for months. Yes, it is worth the wait. This game is awesome and epic all at the same time. The one thing I always like to point out that when Nintendo makes a game, they put their heart and soul into it. The graphics and music is amazing. The crisp pictures really put you in the game. So much attention to detail is in the game, like you notice the characters hair flying in the wind. The game is easy to pick up and play with little learning curve. That is what I didn't like about Mario Kart Wii; the controls were not so simple. It took a while to get used to the turning. However, on this installment you don't have that problem. It is the perfect mix between the Wii and 3ds games. In fact, I like how the customization of your kart and the track differences effect the outcome. Time flies when playing this game. Thank you Nintendo for making a great game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Miles B.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1Z6J3ODKR7LI1","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is a great addition to the WiiU. The graphics for this game are very well polished and the colors definitely grab your attention. This game feels almost exactly like Mario Kart 7, but it has it's perks compared to the 3DS Mario Kart. One being that there are bikes in this game, but better than the Wii Version because both types of vehicles are decently comparable in performance. In my opinion, I'm not a huge fan of the new levels. I don't think the anti-gravity is utilized enough, but I'm sure over time that the new maps will grow on me, just like all of the Mario Kart 8 predecessors. All-in-all, I give Mario Kart 8 a resounding five stars, and I would most definitely recommend this to anyone that may or may not have a WiiU yet."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cory","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1HY8WDXOL8KGI","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"MK8 is absolutely phenomenal and Wii U is the best gaming system out there. MK8 has 32 brilliant tracks that are so rich that they're hard to master completely. Each level has so many different variables, short cuts, and strategies by the computer that you will never get bored. And 150CC mode is hard enough that it will have you playing over and over trying to earn all of the gold trophies. Plus, every Grand Prix you finish opens up new characters and vehicle mods. Lastly, Online play is fantastic and loads of fun. This game is the most beautiful game I've played, so ridiculously fun, and addicting. I can't wait to see what else Nintendo has to offer now and in the future! Support the Wii U and let's get more amazing, unique-to-Nintendo games like this!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"BOBdotEXE","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A25KZDHFZKWC4V","Helpful Votes":"24.0/33.0","Review":"Finally! I just played 12 races, and there was a MAXIMUM of one blue shell per race, And that a huge Deal for 150cc. The Good! +items balanced more, less blue shells,and other overpowered item frequency (I only tested 150cc, but should be similar on others) +Also the ability to change the item set for multi-player is great. +You get a free game with it (But the UK has a better selection) +You can customize your carts, and it offers way more unlocks +The controls feel tighter, and you can use any controller type that the WiiU supports +Great music +You can kill the blue shell! + 60 fps! The bad: -The game runs at 720p even on 1080p tv's, and it's quite noticeable on larger screen tv's, (but you get some AA as a trade off, so it's not a huge deal) --Edit: it dose not have AA (thanks Vanilla) -- -Feels a bit too much like it's predecessors, (Feels like a patched, 720p MK wii, with a few extra features) -kart customization breaks character diversity, (not really a bad thing per say, but in the past each character had his/her own advantage, not any more) -no True item switch, you can only switch on/off a group of items, (would have been better to use a SSB style toggle system -unlock descriptions? (just like the other games, it dose not tell you how to unlock character or parts, or even how close you are to an unlock) -The roster... (they filled it up with koopalings, and a metal peach, there are so many other thing they could have added) -Battle mode (what happened to fighting in arenas??) --Summary-- Overall a very fun game, It feels much less random then Mario Kart Wii, and it's a lot of fun, whether your a Mario kart fan! or have not played since mk64 or DD, You'll enjoy this game none-the-less. Note: I did NOT take off a star for the 720p issue, that's not a problem. it's a choice they made, and the game still looks great!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daffne Vigot Peralta","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2PKXM91PN69HA","Helpful Votes":"3.0/3.0","Review":"Simply put; the best MK entry so far. The graphics are amazing, the gameplay well balanced and the game shows off all charisma and charm Nintendo characters are known for. I just hope Nintendo releases more tracks via DLC; that will sell a ton."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Abdullah Aldhahery","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A312243RRCP84F","Helpful Votes":"3.0/3.0","Review":"if you own a wii u you should get this game 10/10 nothing else on the system is as good monster hunter 3 ultimate is second best"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Alexander L. Williams","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2VY2UP3BRO5DW","Helpful Votes":"3.0/3.0","Review":"My friends were all blown away by how beautiful this game is. The tracks are mind-blowing! The post-game replays are also hilarious when you slow-mo. (Plus, Luigi's Death Stare is so scarey! :)) As of the launch, Nintendo is GIVING AWAY a free game when you buy this. You can get New Super Mario Bros U, Windwaker, Pikman 3, or Dance Party as a free downloadable game. All spectacular games, too. That's two great games for the price of one. Anyone who says the Wii U isn't that great a console can now shut the #@$% up. Mario Kart kills it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Albert Lopez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A19NGBOB5I9FFE","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"The game is really fun and the graphics are amazing as many have said. There are too many pros to name but the very few but important cons are -No map -Battle- I like the tracks but they should be optional and should possibly add some arenas for those who prefer not to use the tracks (no map makes it hard to find people) -What happened to the drift system. Its almost feels awkward to try to drift and sometimes I just feel like slowing down and turning rather than drifting. -Not being able to pick up an extra item while holding the current one ready to be used"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Photogenic Fool","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1E9HC5USUQHUY","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"Most of the time, nostalgia outweighs any new experience, and so I thought I'd never like any Mario Kart more than the N64 version I played through high school and college. Despite the fact that I have far, far fewer friends in my life that are willing to play Mario Kart with me now than I did with the N64 game, I actually think this is a better Mario Kart than any that have come before. It outranks my hyperbolic memories of yesteryear. I just wish I had more people to play it with. If you're a Mario Kart fan, or have ever been one, you're going to love this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Isabelle Belzile","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A4QP7UY6YHXSN","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I picked this up on launch day, even before seeing the reviews, on the basis that the Mario Kart Wii had been the most solid $$ I'd spent on a video game in years. The graphics are amped up into HD of course, and are much more crisp than the Wii version. The sound effects and music are also greatly enhanced, with full orchestral music in various styles throughout the game. The game also fully renders at 60 frames per second, solid, in both single and two-player mode. Three and four player drop to 30 frames per second, but the game plays solid at all times, with no frame drops or slow downs. Enhancing the \"Instant Replay\" of previous versions is a \"Highlight Reel\" function that allows YouTube upload and slow motion replay STILL at 60 frames per second. It must be seen to be believed. The online multiplayer mode is similarly butter smooth, even playing against worldwide opponents, with no visible stutter or lag, and a skill-based match-making system similar to Mario Kart Wii. Mario Kart 8 is, without a doubt, the highest production value yet seen from Big N. It's not just new shiny though. Gameplay is also greatly enhanced, adding flight, underwater driving and anti-gravity. The item mix and AI have also been re-balanced to reward driving skill, compared to the Wii predecessor. Winning is now more a matter of skill, as opposed to lucky item pickups. The process of unlocking content has also been greatly simplified, without all the tedious unlock-grinding the Wii version required. This ease of unlocking is offset by the sheer volume of unlockable content, as there are 30 playable characters and a much wider variety of karts than the Wii version. Similar to the last several entries in the series, the game includes numerous \"Retro\" tracks from previous Mario Kart titles. Compared to Mario Kart Wii, Mario Kart 8 does a better job of incorporating the new game mechanics into these classic courses. Every controller that is compatible with the Wii U is usable, in any combination in multiplayer games, using either tilt or button based control. It's not quite all rainbows and unicorns; there are a few warts. After each race, the menu defaults to the highlight reel, rather than the more obvious \"next race\" option. While there are 30 playable characters, five of them are babies, two are palette swaps, and all seven Koopalings are present. Members of the Donkey Kong clan are notably under-represented, with only Donkey Kong making the cut. Many of the Karts and tires are similar, with many unlockables being obvious palette or sprite-swaps of existing items. The YouTube feature, while cool, takes forever to get started, and the upload cannot proceed in the background while you continue racing; you are forced to wait until the upload is complete. These are minor quibbles though in the grand scheme of things. Overall, this game is a worthy successor to the Mario Kart throne, and easily the best entry in the series in at least a decade. Not to denigrate the previous entries, which were excellent, this game is just that good. If you've been on the fence about getting the Wii U system, this might just be the nudge you need to pull the trigger."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Waterlgndx","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AHJONOKM1O6C0","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"So far I think this game is amazing. The graphics are incredible, the speed while racing seems to be faster than most of the previous titles (except for Mario Kart 64). Grand Prix's seem to speed by and the game is a bit of a mind warp. The old courses have been carefully preserved (except for N64 Rainbow Road) implementing a little bit of new elements to pre Mario Kart 7 games. I haven't noticed too many differences between MK7 courses in MK8 and MK7 however I admit that I haven't played Mario Kart 7 nearly as much as the other console titles. Grumble Volcano has had rough edges added to it (I can't say whether this adds to the difficulty level or not yet it feels restrictive and somewhat annoying). Some of the courses seem to lack new elements presented from this game. I'm not really disappointed by this though because it seems to conserve the original experiences of the courses. N64 Rainbow Road I feel did not preserve the original feeling to it because instead of doing 3 laps you do 3 sections (making 1 full lap). This shortens the length of the race but it also cuts into the experience. The magic of Rainbow Road just seems to be sucked out by the changes made with the course layout. The chain chomps instead of trying to eat you simply roll around creating waves. On the plus side I felt like the visual displays during the race were great, the fireworks seemed to translate well, the train, etc. When I played the N64 version I felt like I was visiting different parts of Mario history, it felt like a tour and journey--I didn't get the same feeling here nor did I get a similar feeling like I was revisiting the race from N64. On the other hand, SNES Donut Plains 3 was incredible. I realize this track changed slightly for the Wii U but it also felt like it was some number of years later and these were the changes that happened over that time period. Part of the bridge was missing now and parts of the course have a thin layer of water on top of them giving the feeling that it's been abandoned. I realize this was a personal experience I had with the game so this might not translate the same way for everyone. My disappointments may be another's treasure and vice-versa. I just thought it would be good to share those experiences because this game, for me, did provoke emotions simply from a track layout and presentation. I think items have been rebalanced for the faster pace in this game. Falling down is not quite as detrimental as it is in previous titles, you're nearly immediately placed back on track, the cost is 3 coins if you have them. If I had to sum it up I think I would call it Mario Kart F-Zero style. It's like a smoother version of Mario Kart 7, the transition between different modes of play is instantaneous and has a natural feel to it. The courses themselves have an F-Zero style to them the game play is definitely Mario Kart. The game is much more forgiving in most cases (hitting a wall the wrong way isn't quite as harsh as it might be in other titles) and infact sometimes when you hit a wall you are simply redirected causing a very small penalty in time. Kart selection is Mario Kart 7 style. I don't know how important players' weight classes are it seems to have some amount of impact on the overall kart + player weight. Each selection (kart, tires, and glider) has an impact on the stats (weight, speed, acceleration, handling, and traction). I think there use to be a gliding stat in Mario Kart 7 and I'm not sure how these stats factor into the older style stats. I am under the impression that this game will be given additional content by DLC but I'm not sure how that will work. I don't think there's anything official stating that is something that is going to occur nor am I sure what kind of content will be offered. If I had to guess character selection might need a boost. There are some racers not present in this title currently that I would've expected to see. I'm not sure why but I found myself somewhat disappointed by the lack of day and night in this game. It might've given the game some variety if day and night were implemented in a way that was appropriate (like every 1 hr in real life = 1 day in Mario Kart 8). Please note that this does not impact my scoring for the game in any way. I should mention this when doing 2 player the split screen is vertical instead of horizontal, so the screen is split into left and right sections instead of top and bottom. I feel like this was an appropriate choice given the nature of courses in this game. The atmosphere is important in the feel this game gives you when you play. Another nice thing is that you can do multiplayer grand prix!! Yes that means you can have 2-4 players and still do grand prix! Interface: what's different? There's no on tv display of the map, other players positions, etc, this is on the Gamepad. That would be nice except there's not really anyway that I've found that lets you look at that information easily during game play, I'm pretty sure if you pause it something covers up the display. It would be nice if we had the option to place this on the tv somewhere non obtrusive. I'm not sure how much this detracts from the experience of the game though it's different but how much does it really hurt? Not a whole lot. It'd be too harsh to knock a star off for this design choice in the interface. Another thing worth mentioning is the load time is noticable on this game. I can't remember what the load time is like on Wii but I feel like the load time on Wii U is significant. Note that I have the physical copy of the game. I'm very curious if the digital copy is faster. Sometime I hope to try to time it and get some sort of casually observed average, or perhaps record it and get a more accurate loading time. I'm not sure if the loading time just seems longer because the courses are shorter, or if the loading time actually is longer. Online: I haven't played online as much, but basically you can have 2 players play online. They are able to use an account on Wii U to play. The host will continue their progress with rating which starts at 1000 and depending on performance during a race with your peers goes up or down. The guest will start at 1000 points and will progress during the session. After the session is over the guest loses any progress while the host keeps their points. (Perhaps if the guest has a Mario Kart 8 file this behavior changes or something but this isn't something I tested or researched.) Your friends are system-wide in Wii U so you don't have to re-register your friends for this game which is incredibly nice. Overall: I think Mario Kart 8 will rank highly in comparison to other Mario Kart games and as of now I would say that it's my second favorite--second to Mario Kart 64. I've given it 4 stars in fear that the replay value will not be as great as other titles. I'm concerned that I will get sick of it earlier than other games. I plan on coming back and updating in 6 months to decide between keeping it at 4 stars or granting it its 5th star. Overall as of this writing I'd give this game a 9.2/10. Played: Single Player: Grand Prix; Multiplayer: Grand Prix, Versus; 2-Player Online on my brothers Wii U (I was the guest) Not Played: Battle Mode, Time Trials, MKTV. Progress: Mirror mode unlocked, all characters seem to be unlocked. 3 star in all 50cc cups, all gold in 50cc, 100cc, and 150cc. Gold in Mirror: Mushroom and Banana Cup. Pros: pace, graphics, gameplay, course layouts, item rebalancing, coin mechanics, multiplayer grand prix is back (and now supports 2-4 players instead of just 2)!, you can progress in the game by doing versus mode (can still collect coins!) Cons: danger of losing replay value over time, difficulty level seems a bit less due to the forgiving nature of this game, on-screen information, loading time"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"James Morales","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LYJ6RHFHI1D1","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Before MK8 my favorite game in the series was Double Dash for the Gamecube. I've owned MK for the DS and the 3DS and, sure, the online was great, but for me the most important thing is just having a bunch of friends over having fun playing this game. The graphics are crisp, the controls are tight, and the track selection is impressive. The anti-gravity adds a small twist to each stage and the Super Horn (which can destroy oncoming Blue Shells) is a great addition. The computer also seems smarter in this game, so don't expect easy wins in 150cc Grand Prix mode! What really made this a sweet deal was that I was also able to get The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD for free just by purchasing this game! As much as I love this game, however, there's a few flaws I have to mention. Racing with the Wiimote is awkward and different than using a regular kind of controller. The Wiimote+Nunchuk combinaton isn't as bad but I would still prefer to use a normal-type controller (Nintendo sells a \"Pro Controller for the Wii U, but one of these will cost you about $40 on Amazon.) My hope is that Nintendo's newly announced Gamecube Controller adapter for the Wii U works with MK8. The track selection in MK8 also disappointed me because I felt as thought it was missing some of my favorite maps (but Nintendo can always decide to release more retro maps through DLC). The Battle mode in this game also disappointed me; instead of playing in different small maps/area designed for battle mode, you have to play on the actual racing tracks like Rainbow Road or Mario Circuit. Overall, if you're on the edge about this game, the free Nintendo game that comes with it should really help seal the deal (but don't wait on it because the deal ends July 31st!). Mario Kart 8 might not be perfect right now, but with a couple updates and DLC it should be a 10/10 game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Lilfurbal","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A17VWNFOCEHAOL","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"This game is really good, I would give it 5 stars but that implies to me that it is perfect. It is not perfect, so it gets 4 stars. To start off, right away, here's why it loses a star: -There's no minimap on the screen during races or battle mode. You apparently have to use the gamepad screen for the minimap, which is pointless if you're not playing using the gamepad or unfair in local multiplayer if only one person gets to use the gamepad. Also by removing your eyes from the road to look down at the gamepack can often result in disaster. So, what the heck, I want an onscreen minimap as is tradition. -The N64 Rainbow Road retro track has been ruined. I was so pumped up for the return of this epic track, only now it's not so epic. Somehow they turned it from being the longest track in the series to easily the shortest track in this entire game. The track has great music, and comes off looking epic with all the flashy stuff and fireworks, but it's really over in like a minute. Sucks if you got off to a rough start because there's not much time to make up for that. The reasoning for this track being ruined is that you only do one lap around now, one full lap, split into 3 sections. Seeing as to how it was so long on the N64 version that you only did 2 laps, you're still only doing half the race. The track is still shorter because you're now going through it faster. I now want them to fix this track to be how it should have been, one of my favorite tracks has been made to be a huge disappointment. -And to be nitpicky - would be nice to have the mii character not wearing the helmets. Also they removed characters from previous mario karts to make room for a slew of koopalings. Fortunately that's all I have to say about the bad stuff. The game itself is made to be appropriately challenging, all the new tracks have been very well designed and are fun. Basically if you've ever liked mario kart before, you'll continue to like it now. It's not much different. Blue shells appear to be more rare now, however there's also an item that can be used to prevent getting hit by a blue shell. The squid ink is possibly annoyingly more effective now. Battle mode probably should have had some traditional battle arenas put in, although I personally enjoy the regular tracks also. Particularly Yoshi's Valley, it's a really cool battleground. However the lack of on screen minimaps contributes to difficulties of tracking people down. Online mode is lots of fun, and considering they have since turned off online play for previous mario kart games, gotta upgrade to this game to continue enjoying online mode. There is also tournaments online now, and you can gather coins to unlock new karts and accessories while playing online. I've also noticed that the penalty of getting 12th place during online matches is much less severe than on the wii, where you could lose hours of progress for your online score from one botched race. It ultimately doesn't matter much in the end, but no one likes losing 100+ points."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"The Youngs \"theyoungs07\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1B0N1VZ1YO6CH","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Like most people have said, the game is great...but they messed up the battle mode. The game is easy to pick up and play, if you've played a previous version of Mario Kart then it'll be straight-forward. I love that they have taken tracks from previous game versions and added some new dimensions to them. I have grown to like using the WiiMote and a nunchuck, the motion controls just don't work for me. The music is fantastic, they updated some of the old songs from the previous games so some of them bring back great memories. The graphics are top-notch. I love the creativity they put into the tracks. If I had the time, I'd probably race through the tracks slowly just to see all that is going on around me. I'm so focused on the road that I see flashes of cool stuff in the background but I'd love to really take the time to check it all out. The weapons are great, but I did notice that when I'm in first-->third I only seem to get coins or green shells, but the CPU players that are right behind me nail me with red shells often...kind of frustrating. I have yet to see the real value of the coins, but that's probably because I just picked up and played. When the Lakitu has to save you from a pit...etc, you lose 3 coins. The flying feature is new to me, there are times that you are launched in the air and you don't just get flung like in the Wii/Cube/N64 versions, now you have a glider that you can control...and it matters! You can get a real advantage if you learn to control your flight. It'll also give you an opportunity to get to some alternative routes on tracks. The anti-gravity feature basically means you can race on roller-coaster tracks. It is really fun, but it doesn't change the physics of racing, so while it looks cool it doesn't change the way you race other than alternate routes. This game is highly customizable, you can change the items available, the level of the CPUs, random tracks, this means you can tailor it to how you want to play. Multi-player racing is great, I really enjoy team mode or racing against each other. This is pretty standard if you've played previous versions. My son and I tried battle because we had grown to love it on the other consoles. First we tried Team Battle...I don't remember that option in previous version. Then the track selection screen...WHERE ARE THE BATTLE ARENAS!! MK8 only allows you to play on actual tracks, with 12 battlers going at a time. We spent 5 minutes looking for people to only see them blur by before being able to do real damage, the track was too tight to turn around and pursue easily. I do not like this change and only hope that Nintendo will release some battle arenas in an update, heck I'd pay for them in DLC. Another thing that irks me (I really hope I'm just missing this somewhere) is the availability of a map on the screen to show where everyone is on the track. The person using the gamepad gets one, but no one else does...that can be a heck of an advantage. They'd have to fix that if they fix battle as well. I used to love battle so much that I almost gave the game 3 stars instead of 4. At least there is a ton of redeeming qualities about this game. I'm sure we'll be playing it a lot as a family, now if only they'd give us some proper battle arenas."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jose.Ruiz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZ4Q3PNQQB6B7","Helpful Votes":"19.0/26.0","Review":"Don't listen to any of the 1 star reviews, all of them are people that are just scared the Wii U succeeding with this amazing game and can come up with a reasonable excuse to give it a 1. One of the reviews said that you can't go shopping and turtle shells represent animal abuse...But anyway, this is definitely the best mario kart game to date. First lets start with what's most important ,the tracks. Almost Every single track has been designed to showcase the Wii U's powers and incorporate it's new mechanic, anti gravity. The tracks are all amazingly well done and there's not a boring one among them, even the retro tracks all feel brand new due to alterations to include underwater or anti gravity. The items are well balanced and rely more on skill than just luck, basically this game is made for true mario kart fans because the AI is brutal, they take shortcuts and save their weapons for when they're about to get hit or you're right behind them. The soundtrack is live orchestrated, the first for a mario kart game and it's probably my favorite soundtrack behind mario kart 64. And the graphics....Jesus Lordy the graphics are probably the best I've seen this generation, there is an extremely anmount of detail in this game, even on the tracks you can see your tire tracks, gravel on the road, lighting, particle effects. Everything about this game is just beautiful. My only complaint is battle mode, instead of arenas you get regular tracks, I never play battle mode so I don't really care but it just feels like a downgrade from before. Regardless I can't find a single wrong thing with mario kart 8, Nintendo set out to make a show stopper to show everyone the wii u's powers, and this is just a start. A MUST HAVE."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jake Alexander","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A105GCSUC8LQ1Z","Helpful Votes":"19.0/26.0","Review":"Mario Kart has been around for 20 years and although the previous additions were amazing games, this one beats them all. With its 30 characters, wonderful graphics, level design, and racing fun, you can't go wrong. Mario Kart 8 has all the modes that Mario Kart 7 had. Unfortunately, Mario Kart 8's Battle Mode is a huge problem using normal race tracks. It is to hard to find someone and when you do, they might as well kill you with a green shell. The new items work great. In conclusion, Mario Kart 8 is an amazing game, and I recommend it to any Wii U owner. Or if you don't have a Wii U, buy one."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ather Masood","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UUWIKIF3DOO4","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"This weekend has been reserved for Mario Kart 8 and nothing else! Graphics are amazing. Take some time and look at the detail when racing. You will be pleasantly surprised as to what you may find. For me the two great things that stand out are the anti gravity addition and online play. I recommend you to try Mario Kart 8 out. Disappointment shall not find you. Good job Nintendo! Onwards to Smash Bros and Zelda!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Nutwiisystem.Com","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2VBFLA8LNMHGZ","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"It's no secret that the Wii U has been struggling. Nintendo needed to hit an out-of-the-park grand slam to have any chance of reviving it. With Mario Kart 8, it may have done just that. There's not much new with Mario Kart 8. It's the same kart racing concept that's been around since Super Mario Kart for the SNES. You race against a number of other Mario characters in various tracks. As with Mario Kart Wii, you can use the Wii remote to steer (the Mario Kart wheel is just a round plastic accessory that you snap the remote into). You can also use the Wii U Pro controller, the Wii Remote or the Gamepad (you can also use the Wii remote + Classic Controller Pro or the Wii remote + Nunchuk). The Gamepad offers additional features, of course. At its most basic, you can steer by tilting the Gamepad. The ZL button lets you throw things you've picked up, the A button accelerates, and the B button goes in reverse. In addition, you can use the ZR + A button to \"drift\". If you play on the Gamepad, you still look to the TV to play, but your Gamepad screen shows everyone's position in the race (and what extra they have in their possession), as well as a video of the race, a map of the track with everyone's position, and a horn in the middle like a real steering wheel. The graphics are phenomenal and finally showcase the HD capabilities of the Wii U. The colors are bright, and there's amazing detail in all the screens, from delicate giant dandelions to giant candies that look good enough to eat. New tracks are wonderfully creative, such as one where you drive through an airport's terminal area, baggage claim area, and right onto the runway as a jumbo jet flies towards you. Classic tracks like Moo Moo Meadows have been totally redone with crisp graphics and exquisite attention to detail, from beautiful sunrises to trees and cows with detailed 3D rendering, to marks your vehicle makes when driving over sand. The tracks are a lot more nuanced, so you can either stay on the main road or take various shortcuts you'll discover over time. Unlike the previous Mario Kart Wii, you can not only choose a Kart type (50cc, 100cc and 150cc), but also configure it with custom tires and a custom \"parachute\" that deploys when you're in the air--as you get more advanced in the game you'll understand how subtle choices you make here can give you an advantage on certain tracks. Gameplay is mostly the same as always. You race around the track, pick up cubes that'll unlock extras to use in the race (including new ones like a boomerang, a sonic boom device, and a rotator that lets you use 8 of them in succession). They've kept old features in, but subtly introduced new ones, like a blue strip that turns your car into a hovercraft. You can also pick up coins throughout the game which will help you unlock things like new accessories, vehicles, and characters. Of course, the game is best played using the Gamepad or the Wii remote to steer. The controls are much, much improved over Mario Kart Wii. You feel much tighter control and precision than I've felt in any other racing game on any platform. There are a lot of new bells and whistles. After each race, you can view a \"highlight reel\" that lets you relive your greatest moments during the race. A new feature called \"Mario Kart TV\" archives your recent race videos. You can play single player against the computer or multiplayer. As with Mario Kart Wii, in single player mode, you can race the Grand Prix (4 race matches), Time Trials (racing for new time records), VS Race (racing using special rules, including adjusting items, computer difficulty, number of races, etc.), and Battle Mode (where you try to pop the other team's balloons). Multiplayer mode has the same options except for Time Trials, and lets you race up to four players. One of the worst features of Mario Kart Wii was its online play. There was simply much too much cheating going on, with cheaters racking up thousands of points and creating hacks that made the competition meaningless. I was shocked at how good online play is now. You see your Mii join in with other Miis from around the world, you all vote on which track to play, and it looks like at least for now there's no cheating--you can observe the technique the top players are using, and it's clear that it's all skill that keeps them up front. For me, I consistently placed around positions 5-7, and I was very happy with that. If you have 12 friends, you can get around the 4-player limit on a local Wii by connecting them online, forming your own Room, and competing against each other. They did seem to do away with the \"driver's license\" feature of Mario Kart Wii where you could keep track of which tracks you've played, but that was no great loss. What is a bit annoying is that it's not easy to change your Mii in case someone else want to play, so unless you quit the game, select a different Mii, and restart the game, all the videos and progress will be attributed to one Mii. The exception to this is online multiplayer, where player 2 will be able to select their own Mii to play online. Simply put, this is not just the best game on the Wii U, it's one of the best games Nintendo has ever released, and one of the best racing games on any platform. It's a shame they didn't have the foresight to bundle this with the original Wii U when it first came out, because I think this game could have boosted sales of the Wii U by millions of units, just like Wii Sports did back when the Wii was released. Still, they did a smart thing and are running a generous promotion where if you register this game, you'll get another great game for free (Pikmin 3, Super Mario Bros U, The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Walker, or Wii Party U). It's a nice way for Nintendo to thank those who purchased the Wii U early on, as well as push people on the fence to get on board. While this game is hardly original (the concept is the same as it's been for over 20 years), the graphics, gameplay, and precise controls make it a must-have for anyone who has a Wii U, and a reason to run out and buy a Wii U for those who don't."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dr-Cog","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A21LQBK94KH4EE","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"Let me start by saying that I have been a Mario Kart fan for a long time\u2026 I\u2019m talking since the Super Nintendo days. Follow that with the N64 version, which in my opinion, was one of the hugest leaps forward in arcade / party racing for its time. After that, the other Mario Kart games didn\u2019t really peak my interest that much\u2026\u2026 UNTIL NOW! In Mario Kart 8, the steering is EXCELLENT! It doesn\u2019t feel too loose or too tight. The power sliding is spot on! There are even times you are GLIDING THROUGH THE AIR on huge jumps and spinning around the track in some sort of GRAVITY / HOVER MODE! All the mechanics of everything just feel right. I wasn\u2019t able to change the button configuration\u2026 I would have been curious to see how it felt using a \u2018trigger\u2019 button as the gas instead of the \u2018A\u2019 button \u2013 but it\u2019s not that big of a deal. The race track design is OUTSTANDING! All of the tracks are varied and pretty unique in their own way. There are tropical tracks, ice tracks, farm tracks, lava tracks, and the list goes on. There are even a few spots where you are underwater, or flying through the air on MONSTER jumps\u2026 I am in video game nostalgia with a few of the classic N64 like tracks, which have been graphically re-mastered, modified, and enhanced to perfection!!!! The graphics are AMAZING and the frame rate is extremely SMOOTH! This is coming from someone who has recently been playing higher end PS3 titles. The textures in this are great, and the characters are impressive. There are lots of nice colors everywhere, but its not too overwhelming. In addition, there are a lot of extra things happening in the background and in my peripheral vision that add to the overall beauty of these environments. I am NOT a fan of ONLINE GAMING\u2026 But this is DIFFERENT. I was HOOKED. I just clicked on the online game play, and was put into the next available race! It is very fun and I didn\u2019t have any bad experiences with people dropping out or doing other stupid things, which is what I have been pretty accustom to with other online gaming experiences I have tried. I didn\u2019t really notice any lagging issues, and I was using wireless internet. Very impressed! Let me finish by saying that I wasn\u2019t a fan of the Wii and was on the fence with the Wii U. This is one of the titles that swayed my decision to buy it - and I have no regrets!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Hawke525","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3IIKM53TILO34","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"Beautiful graphics, gameplay is awesome, much more balanced. Music is also huge plus. Another praise I'll give is the online experience. Connecting is much quicker and during races, it was smooth. It does feel different so you'll have to get use to it for a bit. But once you do. You'll want to play this over MK Wii. Another complaint is that there's too many baby characters and koopas imo. Or at least add more characters that aren't either the two groups. But overall it's the go-to Mario Kart game for the modern age. Solid 9/10. Recommend it if you LOVE the Mario Kart series."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John H.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3K2ZHD0HZDTVA","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"This game is fantastic. First off, the game is just gorgeous. They've just put so much detail into every piece of the environment. It's absolutely stunning. The gameplay is just as good as the graphics. It's the Mario Kart we've come to know and love. If you liked the old games, you will love this game. I went into it thinking that the gravity aspect was just some gimmick, but it changes the game. It's hard to explain to someone without them trying it for themself. But rest assured, this game is fantastic."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"pmw","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A20P48HW4VJEXP","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"Beautiful graphics and stages...pretty fun and the tracks are amazing. Classic Mario Kart renewed for sure...just wish there were more characters...like the ones that were in previous games ex. Wiggler, Boo, etc."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Varun","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2EY6VLCM92EZI","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"The game is great. Antigravity adds a new level of fun and it might just be my favorite Mario Kart yet. Ignore the 1 star reviews; apparently working with apes all day made the reviewers a little misguided in their reviews. I don't normally write reviews but I thought the game was amazing and was disappointed to see so many people trolling it."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Will","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2N9MZ1SEIHNDS","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I have played and owned every single Mario Kart game in the series, and not gonna lie, i was leery of this one. I was concerned about the defying gravity, if that was going to take the game to far into ridiculous to be taken seriously, but I am thoroughly impressed by the game. The transitions into flying, underwater, standard driving, and hovering are seamless, and flow perfectly! The level design is ingenious and is an absolute thrill! On most of the new courses there are many different paths, short cuts allowing for continuous exploration and variability. The retro courses too have been reworked a bit, keeping the same feel and theme but restructured a bit to maximize the use of the many abilities that the Mario Kart 8 Karts and bikes have, and instead of compromising the integrity of the classics, it simply redefines them while remaining true to the heritage. Also, on a side not, the instant replay is awesome! It is hilarious to slow the camera just as you get smacked with a turtle shell and watch the character's expressions! Overall great game! They really pulled this off well and I am impressed! Plus you can do actual cups with four people meaning you are not bound by single player to unlock stuff! how awesome is that??"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"J. Chauvin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7P7MX9PGNP5M","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"This game is AWESOME! It's really fun and it's a great addition to the Mario Kart family. The only gripe I have is that on some of the boards I get extremely sick and nauseous because of the graphics. I've heard of people having this reaction to games before, but never experienced it until now. Besides that, the game is great! :)"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Alex Fiuk","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AHWDHH3MPRLFV","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Nothing beats a 4-player shell fest with your friends/family. Mario Kart has always delivered to this end. But the latest installment is especially satisfying for a few reasons: ? Graphics. Finally, a truly pretty Mario Kart game. The series gets a much needed graphical upgrade courtesy of the Wii U. ? Characters. 30 of them. Enough said. ? Unlockables. You have to unlock 14 of the 30 characters. You have to unlock most of the tracks. You get to unlock karts... and tires... and parasails. It really gives you more reason to play and a greater sense of accomplishment. A couple of minor negatives: ? No coin runners. They kept balloon battle, which isn't as fun as coin runners in my opinion. Oh well, guess it's all about the racing! ? If you are used to playing Mario Kart with little kids, you have grown fond of the 12th place rule where the race will automatically end after 11th place finishes. Well, for some reason, Nintendo has decided to make you suffer. Mario Kart 8 forces you to sit there and watch the young one struggle their way to the finish line. Oh well, bathroom break!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Allioop","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2QA2P3VKMQSZU","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Unbeknownst to my husband and two daughters (8 and 5), I ordered this game. It arrived and suddenly I'm the best mom and wife in the history of ever! After playing it myself, I'm kind of partial to me, too. ;) We've purchased many \"Mario Kart\" games over the years and I was wondering if this one wouldn't just be a newer version, slightly different, but pretty much the same as the others. I was happily wrong. The principle is the same, but there are so many new features and options... and the courses are so fun!! My 8 yr old loves that you can customize your kart. If you enjoy previous versions of Mario Kart or if you're new to this type of game, I'd sure recommend getting it. You won't be disappointed. Also, because it's hard to find games that kiddos can play, I'll let you know that my barely 5 year old daughter can play this along with the family. Granted, she's not going to come in first place, but she's not in last either. (Though my 8yr old sweetly holds off the computer-players so her sister can win every now and then.) This is definitely one that your little kiddo can play."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Big Mac 75","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A34D8OMYZI2MHA","Helpful Votes":"7.0/9.0","Review":"This is just pure fun! It is a true racing game. It is less about items as it is about precision driving. The graphics are stunning. The driving mechanics are perfect. The new tracks are great. The remakes of old tracks are stunning. Just an absolute blast. If I didn't have a Wii U, this would 100% make getting one worth it. *Only Caveat - Hopefully Battle Mode gets updated. It is not up to par with the rest of the game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"abuck","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A327403SXT0TZ8","Helpful Votes":"16.0/22.0","Review":"Outstanding graphics (feels like they're starting to utilize the Wii U hardware), incredibly fun gameplay (the anti-gravity is awesome), and another chance to infuriate (or become infuriated) by your friends while playing together, make mario kart 8 a must own for Wii U owners. Maybe it makes a Wii U a must own for those who are without one? It's a great game. Go on and buy it. Tis joyous."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Sonic0170","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AFWJRLLYVVZAS","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"the game is pretty much as i expected, its a mild evolution of mariokart, it plays great, it looks amazing, not alot of tracks but is as much as is expected for a mariokart game. The new item system is unbalanced but nothing i can't adapt to soon enough although it seems winning is 70% luck as long as you have good driving/drifting skills.(150cc and online multiplayer is where that percentage makes sense) The new parts system instead of separate vehicles is an amazing idea but its horribly limited and not enough variation in the stats. I have begun to find that having the highest top speed out weighs the need for handling, traction, or acceleration, except for in dolphin shoals in which the majority of the stage is under water.(ill assume for now that that's just my driving style)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Oland T. Whitecotton","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A17WJ14DHCVPIY","Helpful Votes":"4.0/5.0","Review":"My 5 yr old son loves to play this game. Okay, I love to play it too! It's a lot of fun and the online racing helps build some competitive nature in my son. Whenever I'm unable to play the game with him, and he's tired of beating up on the computers, it helps that he can go online to play against other people. He can vote for what map he wants to play, and its randomly selected so there's no Tyranny of the Majority going on (where a single map may get chosen indefinitely). There are a lot of variations of karts, gliders, wheels to unlock, as well as characters. I've heard rumors there may be DLC coming for the game as well - I don't know what it will consist of but I'm sure my son will be begging me to buy it, and I probably will. The replay value is very high, and if your kids have friends, they will all enjoy playing this game together. I wish they had a breakdown of how each kart/wheel/glider affects the handling, top speed, and acceleration, but I guess Nintendo just wanted to make it very simple for everyone to play without over thinking how the combination you use will actually affect the game play."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Jonathan T. Starkey","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BFYM14ILTUIV","Helpful Votes":"9.0/12.0","Review":"I'll start off first by saying that the graphical leap is astounding. Sometimes I drive off the side of the course because I get stuck admiring the backgrounds and all the attention to detail. This game is gorgeous! Now that I've got that out of the way, I have quite a few criticisms of this game which I'd like to mention. First, I'm really disappointed with the character roster, despite having 29 characters (excluding your Mii) to choose from. I don't believe that the Koopalings are a very good addition to the game, at least not good enough to take up seven spaces when they could have brought back Bowser Jr and had space for six more characters. They should have brought back Birdo, Diddy Kong, Dry Bones, and King Boo. Maybe even included some characters like Dixie Kong and Kamek. Also, Metal Mario, Pink Gold Peach and Baby Rosalina seem a bit unnecessary to me. I'm holding out hope that some of these characters may be released later on through DLC. Secondly, the Battle mode feels stripped down compared to what it used to be. There are no more mode-specific arenas in which to compete and that feels like a step back for the series. Some people are claiming Battle mode has been ruined by this game. In my opinion, that's too harsh. It's not been ruined, but it just isn't as good as it once was. This can hopefully be remedied by a patch or DLC in the future as well. Now for the gameplay. There is a very minimal learning curve to this game as it plays almost the same as all entries before it. My sister and I used to play MK64 and Double Dash together while we were growing up. Both she and my nephew were able to pick up a controller and start playing with ease. She was happy with the additions of the underwater portions, the zero-gravity gimmick and the addition of so many new items. We played for about five hours so far and had a blast. The bottom line is, if you're a Mario Kart fan, this game should not disappoint you. If you're a Wii U owner and looking for a fun game to play with your kids and/or family, this is an excellent choice as there is fun to be had by all with this game. Personally, I'm very happy with 8, although the few gripes I have with it keep it from being my favorite entry. It's nice to have a shiny new game to play on my Wii U, but as good as it is, I don't believe this is the system-seller that Nintendo was hoping for. Still, don't hesitate to purchase this game if you're looking for some accessible, family-friendly fun. Enjoy!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Elias Dominguez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1KW2NGONC3N7","Helpful Votes":"9.0/12.0","Review":"Graphic are the best, a lot of detail going on. Music is very good so far. A challenging game. Lot of extra stuff to unblock. And the most important is that it is extremely fun to play. You can gather together with family and friend and have good quality time together or go online and play against person you dont know over the world. Dont forget is 2 x 1 up to june 30, 2014 if you buy Mario Kart 8 and register to nintendo you can get a free game to chose between Super Mario Bross, Pikmin 3, Wii U Party and Zelda Wind Waker which are extremely good and fun games."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"desiree","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AHMLUEQJI0EJG","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"Gee, this game is great! Plenty of reviews out there, so I won't do that. But let me tell you, this game is intense! My sister and I are hooked"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Zero","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQHXZAFT2UTS8","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"My family loves this game and so do I! I must admit Mario Kart is a legacy game that gets better every generation. This is one of the first times I am glad to have a Wii U! I recomend getting this game and if before the deadline you get a Free (kinda buy 1 get 1) game. There are 4 to choose from, I also recommed getting this from Amazon because it was 49 vs 59 with the free game still if I had waited 1 day I would have gotten it for the 49 price :-/ . But again I love the game and the B1G1F is well worth 59 dollars for the game!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lionel P.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2065VMGDRJ5AQ","Helpful Votes":"5.0/6.0","Review":"This is by far the best mario kart game I have played, from online to single player i cant put it down"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sam","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3TWIP2RZ6IYL1","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Are you looking for a game that will ultimately ruin your friendship? Or even a good relationship? THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU! :D With its fast paced game play, the unfair amount of red shells coming to get you, and the feeling of utter failure, this game is surely enough to ruin even the most strongest relationship! This is a must buy for all Wii U owners who are willing to risk their relationships with others :D"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"spyderbite9001 \"Can't spell geek without EE.\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1FXVU1GX46R4D","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"We made the impulse decision to purchase this game a week after it came out. I can tell you, its been the only game we've played since we bought it. Hours upon hours my wife and I have been racing. Its probably the most fun we've had with our Wii U since we bought it. This is a must own game for any Wii U owner. BTW - Get the pro controller to go with it. The tilt wiimote is an epic fail for this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"CollegeStudent","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AS0N98DW080IF","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I spent hours playing Mario Kart for the Wii and I foresee myself playing this one for hours now too! The graphics are great and I love the customizable karts because it adds a new level to the gameplay as you have to figure out which configuration is the best for each character. The tracks are challenging and the new items are innovative and interesting. Overall this is a great game to play with family and friends!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Michael Flores","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A34Q6BKN0EDE87","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I was debating back and forth between buying a Wii U or not. I played this game at first at a friends house, loved it. Couldn't get enough of it, finally decided it was time to buy a Wii U, probably the best purchase of the year for me. I am happy and the entertainment from it is endless. Also the free game made it a given to get, who doesn't love free games."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Purpl3Ant2779","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1I5B8ZQK62LNZ","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Pros: Well it's Mario kart Amazing HD Some of the best courses in the franchise Faster online Better items and Lakitu Cons: No good new characters Battle is terrible Could be improved: DLC (more maps and new characters) Battle (add legit maps and coins) Definitely worth the purchase"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Nerrel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1NQ2AY8S778X8","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Mariokart has never changed dramatically between installments, and for good reason; the core gameplay is simply fun as it is. Mariokart 8 follows that trend, but it does offer a much more ambitious retooling of the series than previous installments did. The results are mixed, but the final product is the strongest Mariokart in years. The largest changes come in the form of item balancing, specifically for lead players. In past games, racers could defend themselves with two items at once, making it almost impossible to dislodge skilled racers from first place with anything short of a blue shell. To the annoyance of many players, the dependence of the game's balancing system on the blue shell subjected first place racers a punishing series of nearly un-blockable attacks. Mariokart 8 partly addresses this by introducing the super horn, which emits a shockwave that can destroy any incoming shells- even the blues. It's hard to exaggerate just how gratifying it is to use the horn- I actually WANT blue shells to be fired at me when I have it just so I can destroy them. The game seems so much fairer with its inclusion that blue shell attacks don't provoke the same irritation as in the past, even when I don't have a horn to block one with; the only problem is that it isn't a very common item. The tradeoff is that players can only hold one item at a time now- it's no longer possible to \"trail\" one item behind your kart while storing another. This forces players to use their items much more carefully, as using an item leaves players without a defense for large stretches of the track. The added strategy serves the gameplay well and makes it difficult to imagine going back to the old two-item system, which seems excessive in retrospect. Unfortunately, the system has a critical flaw in that the useless coin item (which simply adds two coins to the count) is far, far too common, to the point where first place racers will regularly finish matches receiving absolutely nothing else (I regularly get 5-6 coin pickups in a row). This leaves lead players with no items to defend themselves with most of the race, which becomes frustrating very quickly. After being pelted by red shells one after the other with no possible defense, even an item as useless as a single banana peel will seem like a lucky break. With the right balancing, the coin could have served to add uncertainty and tension to the races; a player in first could choose to ditch their shell or banana in hopes of receiving a super horn, with the risk of receiving a coin instead potentially leaving them vulnerable until the next item block. This strategic dilemma never comes up in the actual game because the coin is so overwhelmingly common that it's a forgone conclusion that the player will receive one every time, eliminating any desire to take risks when a defensive item is finally found. Red shells are also too common, with players in second or third often receiving a set of three. Needless to say, this is infuriating when there are no defensive items in first place to block a single shell with, let alone three. The dominance of shells also does a disservice to the great new items like the boomerang and piranha plant, which are seen relatively rarely in comparison. The shells also seem too impossible to deter through sheer racing alone; in past games, taking a corner tightly or driving between obstacles could cause a red shell to crash. This has never worked for me in MK8. It's hard to say whether the balancing is better or worse than the previous entries; there are undoubtedly large steps forward, but the poor balancing of the coins and red shells negates them. As bad as Mariokart Wii and 7 were in regard to items, they never made 1st place players vulnerable to this extent. Aside from the rebalancing, the game also offers new anti-gravity sections which genuinely change the way racers will approach each track. The novelty of dizzily driving upside down wears off quickly, but the true value of anti-gravity is in more flexible tracks that aren't constricted to a single plane. Often, an anti-gravity strip will allow a player to drive on the walls in order to avoid hazards like a thwomps, oncoming trucks, or discarded bananas on the main track, and there is a joy to be had in being able to separate yourself from a congested pack of karts by driving onto a less populated surface. The stunning visuals complement the dizzying spectacle of anti-gravity courses, with richly detailed and imaginative courses that are so full of life that it's not possible to take in even half of the nuances until watching after-race replays. The game does have dramatic aliasing, but it's hard to dwell on technical imperfections when the artistry on display is so immaculate; unlike blander offerings such as NSMBU, it's hard to imagine Nintendo putting any more work into making a better looking game. Mariokart 8 offers 32 tracks, all of which are solidly designed and enjoyable. There are some retro track choices that seem poor considering the alternatives- Moonview Highway and Neo Bowser City are both miles better than Toad's Turnpike- but it's hard to complain with the selection. Unfortunately, even 32 tracks isn't enough to keep a player occupied long and outside of the basic GP races and time trials there really isn't much to do offline. Battle mode bafflingly features full length tracks, pulled from the GP mode with no alterations, instead of arenas. Players are expected to race around the track in opposite directions, firing at one another in the split second when two oncoming karts converge, but the size of the tracks makes enemy encounters infrequent and tedium of waiting an entire lap to see your enemies again makes the mode feel uncharacteristically rushed for a Nintendo title. It can be assumed that Nintendo was pressed for time and simply tossed a makeshift battle mode together using single player courses; hopefully, a real battle mode will be added with a future update or DLC. The online mode functions smoothly and, aside from a few intermittent connection losses, is simple and quick to join into. Unfortunately, racing with real players adds much more tension and difficulty to the already stressful coin-heavy balancing system, which may lead to many matches ending in impotent frustration. Matches typically end up being all or nothing affairs; players will either mercilessly pummel you with shells as you desperately scramble to find a single item other than a coin, or the races will be so uneventful and easy that it's hard to forget that they aren't time trials. It's difficult to enjoy a well balanced race with a fair amount of challenge, but they occur often enough that the online mode remains fun. Mariokart 8 has the skeletal structure of a great title in place, but there just isn't enough content for it to live up to its potential and some of what actually is there feels rushed and tacked on. The game also continues the trend of missing the mark when it comes to items, despite a few great and much needed improvements. With a single update, the problems with item balancing could be fixed and battle mode could go from being an unfortunate misfire to a solid competitive mode again. Until that happens, Mariokart 8 is still a great game, but not the definitive, perfect Mariokart experience it had the potential to be."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"AMRJS","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WZJFY9T5HBVB","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Nintendo has 130 years of doing one thing, entertaining their customers. Not only do they stand behind their products with iron clad warranty and assurance of gaming quality and fun for all ages, their partners in technology delivery, be it graphics, power, reliability, and durability consist of the exclusive manufacturers like IBM, whom only for Nintendo with no expense spared, guarantee there is always something fundamentally new and exiting about each new generation of console hardware and most notably, the \"only on Nintendo\" gaming franchises that are worth more than the company would ever sell given their financial reputation as a top three best managed companies in the world - one that could weather a 70 year storm of economic downturn and sales disappointments before selling the names we know and love to would be buyers. Consider them priceless titles to own. Let the used market do the talking for you - where found, Nintendo titles and much of their legacy hardware commands prices beyond all competitor knock off titles, and in nearly every release used Nintendo product sell for at least the original cost - and often beyond the original selling price in good condition. Mario Kart is one of the top 4 franchises developed by Nintendo - not based on the fact they've been refining and reinventing the series since 1991 - rather that handheld or living room console - Mario Kart of every respective generation has always either been Nintendo's #1 or #2 best selling game for each system. These are numbers you can lookup and verify yourself. Ever notice or even complain about Nintendo's lack of public promotion and marketing? They fundamentally and analytically speak about the power of word of mouth advertising - me telling you that this is an incredible game and you should buy, and so on to my family and immediate friends. This is also why their used game market commands a high and rising collectors price - no one wants to part with games of their caliber. To end what is more of a testament that you can trust this game delivers while staying true to its roots for old fans, makes for a great introduction to the series for new fans, I own high end PC gaming machines, The Sony and Microsoft systems and every generation before them and have found only Nintendo continues to deliver on their mission statement to lead via independence. Be wary of reviewers that argue Nintendo fails to do or try new things as this game, from the basics to course designs and characters - is revolutionary as is the Wii U hardware itself."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Alex","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AH6EYSRGA3NQ8","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I'll start off by saying that this is an absolutely gorgeous game. The developers really put in a lot of effort into making this game look as beautiful as possible. I believe it may be the nicest Wii U game on the market right now. All of the courses are a blast to race on. The anti gravity mechanic definitely adds something new to the franchise and is easy to get the hang of. My main issue with this game is the lack of modes that will keep you playing once you have already achieved all 3 gold stars for every cup on every CC/mirror. Battle Mode is unfortunately not as fun as in previous Mario Kart installments mainly because there are no arenas to battle on, simply race tracks with a few alterations here and there. As a result, I constantly found myself speeding through tracks on battle mode trying to find other players in order to pop balloons to score. If you missed a shot, you would have to reverse all the way back since some of the courses are not as open as to allow for wide turns (as was possible in actual battle mode arenas in past games). However, this criticism can easily be fixed. If DLC is announced at E3, the possibility of downloading arenas for battle mode is very likely. DLC is what will make this game one of the best in Nintendo's history. It makes too much sense for Nintendo to simply overlook this. Considering buying this game? Do it! If you don't already have a Wii U, buy the bundle! That way so you will also be ready for future blockbuster games such as Smash Bros and Zelda :)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. Reynolds","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29C3RPDU69RRC","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"This game is awesome. My girls play this game all of the time and love it. I highly recommend this game if you have a Wii U."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mr Magic \"Rob\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2EYIJ0EJQ3FA7","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I have all the systems and I truly believe that Nintendo art and overall quality is in a league of its own after playing this! I already knew this from the past but this game just reminded me again that this company crafts works of art. Yes it's a new mario kart which is great but it is so well crafted and prefect that you will be thinking of it when you are not playing it and for me this doesn't happen with many games anymore. Well done Nintendo- cant wait to see what the future holds."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Justice","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A30RXUT0H3A0XX","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"If this game cost 89.99 it would still be worth the price of admission. This is without a doubt the best Mario Kart to date. This game has been perfectly made by Nintendo. The graphics are smooth and amazingly stunning. For your money you'll also get the best soundtrack of the series. If your a Mario Kart fan you definitely have to own this game and if you're not then now is the best time than ever to become one."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. K. Malone","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AT576Z9DC6HJ0","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I was completely addicted to Super Mario Kart on SNES and Mario Kart 64, but I never really got into any of them after that... probably because MK Super Circuit was so crummy, it broke the spell. I always buy whatever new MK that comes out, but I just dabble with them for a few days and then virtually forget about them. I kinda got into MK7 for a while, but only after Sugar Rush (Wreck-It Ralph) put me in the mood. It had been sitting and collecting dust for a couple of years prior to that. I didn't pay any attention when they announced MK8 last year. I knew I'd get it at some point, but there was no excitement. Then a few weeks ago I booted up my Wii U for the first time in months and was browsing the eStore. I watched the recent Nintendo Direct for MK8... after that it was all over, suddenly I was more hyped for new Mario Kart than I have been since 1997. I'm still not quite finished with Watch Dogs... partially because it's a long game with tons of content, partially because I keep taking breaks to play MK8. I can't wait to finally finish WD so I can give MK8 the undivided attention it deserves."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"M. Collette","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2FL3IA0A15J6Q","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I haven't played a Mario Kart game since SNES and a bit of the GBA one I have on my 3DS. However, this is easily the best I'd say. The graphics are just plain awesome, there's 32 tracks, of which all of them are quite enjoyable, no tracks that come up in multiplayer that make me go DAMN I HATE THIS ONE! So, I love them all. The music is quite wonderful, and although the character roster could have been better (You can make an entire match out of Koopalings and Babies, 7 + 5 = 12 player match), it's offset by the fact that there are other fun characters to choose, and there is plenty to do in terms of time trails and grand prix. The game mostly shines at online multiplayer, where previous Mario Kart games have failed, this one takes the cake Peach made and shoves it down your throat in a tasty yummy manner. It is quick and easy to join a multiplayer online game, it is quick and easy to create a game full of your NNID friends. The only current problem with it is that Worldwide servers seem to be pretty heavily traffic, and so there are sometimes disconnects if you have a NNID friend join you in a Worldwide game, however I blame this on launch week and Nintendo just needs to get the server a little more stable. If you do have trouble with Worldwide, play Regional, as it works perfectly fine, and there's no advantage/disadvantage to playing with people from your own region in comparison to Worldwide. 12 out of 10, minus 1 for the roster, minus 1 for Worldwide not being perfect, and it's still 10/10 :P"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"P Dawg","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A13B60E09324K7","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is everything you want in a Mario Kart game. Great character and weapon additions while staying true to gameplay. Just as fun as the previous versions. The Wii U finally makes sense to own. Mario Kart 8, Zelda Wind Waker HD, Super Mario 3D World and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze are all very enjoyable games. Get one!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Derek Jolley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AFPAYCDZ5G1EJ","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Amazing game! I love every minute of it. The graphics are stunning and the controls are easy to get used to. The course selection is fantastic and game play is fun and exciting. Being able to only hold one item at a time makes the game more strategic and intense. I didn't like battle mode in Mario Kart Wii. You were put in this giant enclosed space so basically you could just stay in one spot and throw items and the chances of it hitting someone are pretty high. Now on battle mode in Mario Kart 8, I find it very fun and exciting to play especially online. It makes it that more exciting when you're able to find someone and hit them. Collecting coins is a nice addition to the game. I don't know why so many people dislike it. Like I said, this Mario Kart takes more skill and strategy than past Mario Karts, maybe that's why people dislike it because you have to think more while playing. Single Player Mode doing the Grand Prix was a blast for me. The computers use mushrooms to take shortcuts and cut across the course now so they definitely put up quite a challenge now. The controls feel different, but all Mario Karts have a different feel to them. I recently tried playing Double Dash, I used to dominate at that game, but the controls are completely different. Nintendo has released I believe my favorite Mario Kart so far. It brings all the elements of past Mario Karts and puts them together in this game. Highly recommended!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Chris","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3PX0NFAKMOHFN","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I\u2019ll try not to beat into the ground what many other reviewers have already said. It\u2019s an undeniably fun game, great for parties. They have definitely improved many things like the item balance or if you fall off the race track, Lakitu fishes you out a lot faster compared to previous games Game runs at a solid 60 fps, but when it is 3 or 4 player split-screen, the frame rate noticeable drops to 30 fps. Still playable though. Online was pretty smooth, and out of all the matches I played, I very rarely lost connection and when I did, it was during a lobby instead of during races. Mario Kart TV is a very nice touch since it saves the last 12 races that occurred. My petty complaint of it is that it doesn\u2019t show the exact things you saw on your screen. Battle mode obviously had very little effort put in considering how you play on some of the race tracks (yes, the same race tracks you race on) that are barely modified. As far as I can tell, the item boxes have been slightly moved and there are different quantities of them. You can expect to spawn in some random area of the race track and if you do see someone, it turns into a very one sided confrontation, or you pass each other up as if both of you were invisible. Most of the time, I spent trying to dodge random green shells that other players have spammed and are careening wildly around the map. I will admit that I did have some fun with this battle mode, but after a while, that is what it boils down to. Btw, you should play battle mode with a large group of players; otherwise it turns into two people aimlessly wandering around a large empty race track trying to find each other. Hopefully, they will release actual DLC battle arenas and actual battle game types. The 150cc AI would be a good start for what online play is like, considering my experience of the AI consisted of being shot at a lot and when I did get hit by the AI, every so often it would be multiple times in a row\u2026 \u2026which is nothing compared to how online play is like. I will admit that I have seen some pretty nasty moves that other players have pulled like people in lower places firing behind them a lot even though they are clearly in range of the racers ahead of them. Other instances where racers shoot each other a lot can end up giving first place an even bigger lead due to constant sabotage. I have ran into some instances where I was hit more times than the AI does in a single race. You could be doing so well and be on the final stretch when a blue shell appears and blows you up, then end up getting hit by other players so many times, that you end up in last place. Now to be fair, this isn't anything new. It's Mario Kart, of course it has some sort of luck-based randomness. It is not exclusive to this game. I had my share of being extremely lucky too. One instance was when I got a star\u2014in 4th place, in a full room. Another example was when I was in 12th place received a star and steamrolled 4 racers; only to receive a crazy 8 and used that star to blast my way to first place. Don\u2019t be too influenced by all that I said there. Online play is still fun. It is not exactly as bad as I make it out to be and the way other players act is not the games fault at all. My experiences could just be anecdotal evidence. It is just something that I figured that I should throw out there. Aside from all that, the rest of the game is phenomenal, customization is great, and lots of aesthetically pleasing graphics and soundtrack. The one star off is due to the chopped down battle mode. Definitely worth the $60"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pat Long","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2XMBHTA09DGUA","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"This game is MAGNIFICENT! I have enjoyed EVERY moment of the game. All of the characters are great. The tracks are creative. And the new \"anti-gravity\" mechanic is AWESOME! I would recommend this game to everyone of ALL ages! It does not matter if you are a casual gamer or hardcore gamer, it does not matter this game is GREAT!- Kalon Thompson (Squiddy)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Leo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3QPC48HT0ZPU0","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"First time giving a review here. I started playing the Mario Kart series since Mario Kart 64. I played a little bit of the SNES Mario Kart and I never played Mario Kart Wii, however, I played Mario Kart 64 and Double Dash extensively. Now onto the review. Graphic wise, the game is absolutely gorgeous. It's kinda hard to tell when you're racing because you can only see soo much when you're focusing on the road in front of you but before you start a race, it shows a preview of the race and you can even watch the highlight reel after the race as you can watch yourself race through the beautiful track. A fun tool to see any WTF, LOL, or any epic moments. I really liked the track choices, my favorite is the n64 Rainbow Road and Twisted Mansion. There are a lot of tracks I flat out hated but that's very subjective, some people might like those tracks and some might hate the tracks I really like. One thing to note is a lot of the remake courses, some do not utilize the anti-gravity mechanics introduced which was odd to me. It could be because Nintendo didn't want to change them too dramatically that they're not noticeable. I wouldn't mind seeing Yoshi Valley have anti gravity but it felt new and nostalgic at the same time so I still enjoyed the non anti-gravity courses. To me, they fixed a lot of the problems fans complained about the previous Mario Kart, which is the Wii ver. In the Mario Kart Wii, the blue shell was WAY too common which affected the skill vs luck aspect of the game. In this game, the probability of the blue shell appearing has decreased dramatically. I could go for an entire cup and maybe I will encounter 1 blue shell or sometimes none at all. However, I played the game extensively and sometimes I will encounter the blue shell maybe once every 2 races. Very rarely there will be more than one blue shell in a single track race, however, it is based on chance and from my experience, it's very rare to encounter more than one blue shell per race which to me, it decreases the luck aspect of the game and it allows for more skill since you don't have to worry about getting hit and be dead last. With that being said, in the game, they introduced a new item which is the Super Horn. This is a very rare item but it also helps combat the blue shell problem as, it is the only item that counters the blue shell. Whenever the blue shell gets near you, you use the Super Horn and it blasts the blue shell away. So if you're usually in first place and you get the Super Horn, hold on to it for dear life. Lol. Biggest change they made is the fact that you can't use more than one item. When you have a green shell, you can't hold the item button to put it behind you and get another item. You can put the green shell behind you to protect you but as long as you have that item, you can't get another one. So one item at a time folks. When in first place, the items you will most likely get is coins, banana or green shells. You can still get other crazy items but the probability is low. This can be viewed negatively but to me, it could be viewed as a positive since the blue shell has been basically nerfed, red shells is the next threatening item so by having bananas or green shells, it encourages using more defensive strategies by holding them behind you instead of mindlessly hoard items and trow them behind you. Next subject is where people have different opinions which is the existence of coins. Coins have existed in the SNES Mario Kart and Mario Kart 7 in the 3DS if I'm correct. Personally, I dislike the fact that coins is now an item you can get when you run through an item box, especially when you can easily get coins in the tracks. In a competitive race, when you're running through an item box, out of all the potential items you could use to attack or defense yourself, you can get a coin which can be useless. However, coins do play a role in the game. Coins actually increased your top speed, the most you can carry is 10, this could make a difference in a very close race but sometimes it doesn't matter at all because we're hardly in that position since other items exist like a mushroom or shells which make a bigger impact in a race compared to coins. If the AI has a red shell behind me and all I have is coins and I'm maxxed out on coins, the shell easily changes the tide. Another thing coins do, is something long term which is, unlocking vehicle parts. I currently have 2,700 coins, so I unlocked many vehicle parts but I still have many more left to unlock. I'm trying to unlock the Gold Kart. There is a lot of replay value if you wish to 100% the game. This can be very repetitive but I really like the game so I don't mind. However, if you wish to just race and not 100% the game, then coins are useless since coins make the smallest amount of impact in a race. Another thing which fans have mixed feelings about is the battle mode. Honestly, Nintendo dropped the ball on this, there is no track/arena dedicated for Battle Mode. All your battles take place in a regular track used for racing. The tracks are exactly alike the ones used for racing, there is no difference but to hunt down your enemies and take down their balloons. It felt more like a race than an actual battle. Tracks are pretty big so you can ride aimlessly looking for enemies to attack, thankfully, we have a gamepad which tells us where everyone is. Another thing to help make things easier is there is a new control was introduced dedicated specifically for battle mode which is tight turns. Basically you drift and you let go of the gas button while holding down the drift button and your character will make a quick turn which is very useful when you're hunting down AI's in opposing teams. I honestly had fun in battle mode, mostly because I played split-screen with my girlfriend so we hunted down AI's for funzies but I feel like the battle mode experience would be better if we had actual tracks dedicated for battle, not race tracks. Lastly, things I did not like about the game. I did not like the roster that much. They did introduced a lot of new characters, like the Koopalings but besides that, we have the generic characters and their baby version. I'm fine with baby mario but to have baby luigi, baby peach, baby daisy, baby rosalina. What's next? Baby Wario, Baby Waluigi? This is very notable since there is so many baby characters, it adds more to the light class of characters. There is 11 light weight characters, 7 medium and 9 heavy. To me, it feels unbalanced. I'm tired of Baby characters, I wish they would bring in new characters or bring in returning characters. It feels very weird to not have Diddy Kong or Birdo or any other classic character that was popular after Double Dash's release. Mario Kart Wii has a better roster. Nintendo can easily redeem themselves by releasing DLC including more characters which I would be sold. Another thing I did not like is the vehicle parts. Like I said earlier, I collected 2,700 coins so I unlocked a lot of vehicle parts but the more you look around and compare, a lot of the vehicle parts make no big difference, in fact, some do the exact same thing as others. I think there are like 3-4 motorcycles which have the exact same stats but I had to collect over 5k of coins to collect. Doesn't feel very rewarding to me. They look different if that matters but stat wise, they're desame. Another thing is short cuts. Some tracks have no shortcuts, a lot of tracks have a lot of shortcuts but they felt useless because it requires you to get off course which slows you down a lot. So you take a shortcut but you're slow at doing so because it's off track. The best way to fully utilize shortcuts is to have mushrooms which to me, someone who is usually in 1-5th place, mushrooms are VERY rare. Not all shortcuts require mushrooms so you can use them but they can be hard to use because you can easily slip off and fall. So it is more of a risk vs reward type of deal which I like. In conclusion, I REALLY like the game, I actually recommend getting this game at full price if you're a fan of racing games, if you like Mario Kart, even if you like LBP Karting. If you have a Wii U, there are some games you just have to have because they're good exclusives and Mario Kart has been replicated in other games like LBP Karting and even Modnation for the PS3 but to me, Mario Kart 8 triumphs them all despite its own flaws. If you're planning on getting the game soon, I highly suggest now since you can get a free game if you register the game on Club Nintendo. So for 60 bucks, you get 2 games but the offer is only available until the end of July. Other than that, hope you understand and enjoyed my first review. :)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kasparius","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJ8UWVQEHUNKE","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I always loved Mario Kart, but the latest installments didn't really impress me too much, they were good but felt kind of stale. This new Mario Kart feels completely different, because the amount of detail, the sense of speed and the amazingly refined gameplay which is pretty perfect. Playing with the gamepad or controller pro is a delight. The circuits are stunningly beautiful and expertly crafted, it is sheer joy to learn them inside and out. There is no reason not to get a WiiU now, the price is fair, Mario Kart 8 comes with a free download of either Zelda Windwaker or Pikmin 3, both fantastic games and Mario 3D World is one of the best Mario platform game of all time. Other highlights include Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze, New Super Mario Bros U, Monster Hunter and those are just the Nintendo exclusive titles. Plus with Smash Bros around the corner and hopefully a new Zelda soon, this is a damn good system."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Scooter \"Ram\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2M4MHV4JYR3K9","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Nintendo games used to always be magical. 22 years ago, I remember my brother and I used to play the original Mario Kart for hours and hours. It was super fun filled with some of the most memorable moments in gaming. When Mario Kart 64 came out, we had to get it. For us, Mario Kart 64 was a big disappointment. The races were long and boring. However, we spent hours in the battle mode. I've grown up now and the original Wii didn't interest me. Somehow for me it became cooler to shoot video game characters with guns instead of koopa shells. Even Nintendo's newest system the Wii U failed to grab my attention. Over the years, my interest for video games has shifted over to the Playstation and Xbox. When I heard that another Mario Kart game was coming out, I was not excited at all. In my mind, Nintendo is for kids. For some reason Nintendo continues to make only Mario and Zelda games. It's gotten a little bit too predictable. However, my opinion on Mario Kart 8 and Nintendo changed while browsing at my local Target in the electronics section. I saw they had a Mario Kart 8 demo station set up. I was watching someone play it. Immediately, I felt the same way I felt when I saw Mario 64. I felt like a kid. I can only imagine how I would feel if I was still a kid. It's something that I have never felt while playing games on the Playstation on Xbox. There was something magical about it. The game looked so fun. I'll try best to describe what I saw. Mario was riding around in an ATV vehicle. At the starting line, the wheels of his cart spun around, kicking up dirt. Spiral plumes of smoke circled out of the exhaust. As soon as the light flashed green, the vehicle was off. The cart skidded around the first turn on one wheel, leaving sparks flying in the air. Everything was moving and alive like the best Pixar movie. As Mario passed other drivers, he looked at them. Up ahead, the track shot up twisting into the air in a U shape. Mario skid around the turns and his anti grav wheels folded underneath the cart. As he drove up the U shaped road, beneath him you could see the parking lot. Mario hit a ramp and jumped into the air, when suddenly a hand glider popped open sending the cart flying into the air. As the cart landed, it landed awkwardly on one wheel and it regained its sense of balance. Mario turned to look at his brother Luigi who just passed him. He flung a green turtle at his brother Luigi sending him spinning around yelling, \"WhaWhaWha\". That's what it feels like to play Mario Kart 8 as your stomach rolls around in knots. With Mario Kart 8, Nintendo has used the extra horse power of the Wii U to create a better game. Mario Kart has never played this good. Yes, the graphics are wonderful, but we have seen great graphics before. However, when the graphics are combined with the bubbling creativity of the level design, sound, and play mechanics, it is clear that Nintendo has crafted something special here. It's not the graphics that make Mario Kart 8 so good. It is everything. These levels could not have been created on the original Wii. While Playstation games focus on creating realistic worlds, Nintendo has created a fun filled world that could never exist in real life. The tracks feel like they belong in a Nintendo theme park. It's a place that many of us would love to be lost in. You will slip, slide, soar, and tumble through 32 wild and imaginative tracks. One level has you racing up a roller coaster while another has you racing off walls to avoid traffic. Half of them are new while the other half are retro courses that feel new. All of them are memorable and everyone will have their own favorites. Even the soundtrack deserves special mention as these orchestrated Jazzy tunes are some of the most memorable since the original Super Mario Bros on the Nes. Before you begin the race, you can pick 30 different characters from the Mario universe. After selecting your character, you can choose your vehicle, tires, and glider. As you play the game, you will unlock new characters, vehicles, tires, and gliders. The different combinations will slightly tweak the way your vehicle performs. It is fun to experiment with the possibilities. After playing Mario Kart 8 for over 14 hours this weekend, I have to admit there is nothing innovative about it. It's the same Mario Kart that we love. It has got the same modes. Nintendo has built the game around anti gravity, which allows your cart to flip upside down and drive along walls on certain sections of the courses. In anti-gravity mode you can also bump into other vehicles like bumper cars to get a mini speed boost. However, the camera seems to flip around with your vehicle so it doesn't really change the way you play though it makes for some of the coolest track designs. However, what Nintendo has done is taken the fundamentals of the game and brought them to the next level, refining and perfecting the way the game feels. Everything feels right. The actual kart racing has been polished to an extreme. It's easy to play but difficult to master. There is so much of depth in the game play. Never have I played a racing game where I was so in control of the rider's movement even at very fast speeds. Even realistic car games such as Forza and Gran Turismo are repetitive and boring after awhile. In Mario Kart 8's time trial mode, I can play the same course over and over without getting bored. The key to Mario Kart 8 is its drifting system. It's been improved and perfected. When you press down the left shoulder button it will cause your racer to tilt around the corners of the track without slowing down. This allows you to shave off time and the longer you hold down the button, the better speed burst you can get. You can also pick up a speed boost by hitting the jump button at the top of a ramp as your character busts out a cool trick. It is this combination of drifting, tricks, and items that make the game so addictive. It's so fun to play with the entire family. On top of this, there is a robust online mode. Along with the red and green shells, there are some new items to toss at players. There is a piranha plant that snaps at other racers and coins. The boomerang can be thrown up to 3 times and knocks out racers on its way forward and back. Mario Kart 8 is not perfect. While the game mechanics are excellent, there are not a lot of game modes. It would have been nice if Nintendo included a Mission mode similar to Mario Kart DS to keep the single player experience more involved. The Battle Mode is weak and has players racing around courses instead of confined maps like in Mario Kart 64. Some of the weapons are too powerful with no way to avoid them. The Wii U game pad is not used in an interesting way. Still, what is included is so much better and polished than anything else on the market. Nintendo is in a class of its own. Nintendo has put so much of love, craft, and polish into this game. The design is unrivaled. Pure video game magic. It is a piece of art and should not be missed. 5 years from now, I'll still be playing this. Whether you are 5 or 26, Mario Kart 8 will leave you feeling happy whether you win or lose."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mindcrime","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYMD77ITD15PT","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Mario Kart was one of the games on the Wii that we played often. I was looking forward to see what Nintendo put together for Mario Kart 8 and the Wii U. I think Nintendo has put together another great Mario Kart that is fun for the whole family. My son and his friend played it for hours and hours all weekend. They love the game and were having a great time together playing it. I enjoy playing it as well as it is a fun game and the graphics are great. The tracks and cars have been updated and Nintendo added in some new features that make this version a winner. This game by itself, in my opinion, is worth the investment in the Wii U. I think the Wii U is a great gaming machine and a good value now that the price is lower in most stores. I have Xbox One and Playstation 4 and lately my son has been playing the Nintendo more than any other game machine. Hopefully games like Mario Kart 8 will keep Nintendo going as they offer nice hardware along with great games that are fun to play."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Erin L","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2E1B3HRDIFGOQ","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Not a lot of originality with this game. The levels & gameplay are all similar to previous versions, but that didn't stop my 5 year old & I from having a great time playing. Controls seem to work better on WiiU than on Wii & the upgrades to the vehicles are really fun. I recommend this game for family fun but don't expect a lot new here."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"EFYevan \"EFYevan\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1P3WH966I8PVP","Helpful Votes":"15.0/21.0","Review":"Simply fantastic! Ladies and gentlemen, GO BUY A WII U FOR THIS GAME. Highly recommended for a fun gaming experience. Nothing on PS4 or XB1 comes close. 5/5 stars. Be sure to register the code inside your box for a free download of one of 4 great games: New Super Mario Bros. U, The Legend of Zelda Windwaker HD, Wii Party U, or Pikmin 3!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sgt. Solomon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LENO0HUYYV8","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"A game changer for Wii U, and a reason to buy one. This game offers a total of 32 stages. 16 Brand new, and 16 classics from previous Mario Kart games. Offers offline, and online play. So many characters, and upgrades to unlock. You will be enthralled to this game for hours on end. Fun for all ages, whether you like racing games or not. This game is a massive winner in my book. The game play is highly addictive, and offers many hours of replay value to truly get you're moneys worth. Just announced, they are releasing DLC (Down Loadable Content) Which allows you to play more levels, and as even more classic Nintendo characters. If that isn't enough, this game will be completely compatible with Amiibo characters which will also be released later this year. Amiibo is a new gaming experience Nintendo will be offering through figurines you can level up, and transfer from game to game similar to Skylander's or Disney Infinity. One thing I really like about this game, is that it is compatible with all controls including the Pro Controller, and Wii Mote. My son and I never get tired of this game. So easy to just pick up and play, but truly hard to master. Just another heads up. To unlock a true Secret ending. Play the game on Hard which is 150cc race and place in the top three for each grand prix race. You will unlock a secret ending that is not seen just by playing the game normally. You also do not have to play alone to unlock everything. You can play the Grand Prix gaming mode with other people on the same console offline, and accumulate coins, stamps, and bonuses towards the items you can unlock. Including new characters, and completely customized with new cars."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Healthy Guru","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1XDK5I14U36NL","Helpful Votes":"4.0/5.0","Review":"My whole family loved Mario Kart for wii so we were pretty excited to hear about this newer version and preordered it from Amazon. It came on the release date and we have been enjoying it since. Couple of things: - no option for automatic/manual. It is always manual which is a little disappointing - more difficult. I was able to dominate pretty well against the computer in previous version. This one, not so much - Cool new options/weapons - did away with motorcycles doing a wheely to gain more speed :( All in all we like it, but expect some differences that will take some getting used to."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Chris Khawam","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AE5RDYB7952CA","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"This game brings me back to the days of playing Mario Kart 64 with a bunch of friends. It is great fun and the graphics jump is amazing. My friends and I have been playing this non stop and we can't get enough of it!! This game justifies buying a Wii U."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ksteven","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1O67JT10UBX7M","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"I was so ticked at Nintendo for not releasing MK 7 for the home console. I mean who really wants to race on the tiny DS? Well after getting MK 8 all is forgiven. Nice tracks, less noise from the characters and fun weapons. Great fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Vdub","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1PSBR3JRZ9VO0","Helpful Votes":"3.0/4.0","Review":"There is a lot of new stuff - good and bad - Mario Kart 8 brings to the series. Having played every Mario Kart game since the SNES, I was really excited for this one. And I'm still mostly still thrilled about it, though I'm disappointed they decided to make some very bad decisions that took away what would have otherwise been a perfect game. What I love: [+] Graphics. FINALLY we get some HD Mario Kart action! It was always so hard playing the AAA first-party titles on the Wii, since they decided against going with the coming HD era. MK Wii was a lot of fun and a great game, but looked terrible on my 55\" HDTV. Mario Kart 8 on the other hand looks absolutely gorgeous. [+] The audio. I love all the music, especially the title screen theme which pulls inspiration from the original Super Mario Kart theme, which has a great nostalgia factor to it. All the music tracks and sound effects sound great, especially in 5.1 surround, and helps you become very immersed in the game. [+] Online. Much improved since Mario Kart Wii, probably one of the most fun parts of the game. However, Nintendo still has a long way to go to catch up to the standard online functionality of any modern Xbox or PlayStation game. [+] New items. I like the new boomerang, and I *love* the Super Horn (can destroy blue shells or any other projectile item). That said, I *hate* the coins. I like them as a gameplay mechanic, and as something you can pick up directly from the course, but not as an item box item. Half the time when you're in first place you'll just get coins, rather than at least a green shell or something that can defend you against attacks. [+] Tracks. They of course did an awesome job at creating new tracks as well as adapting the retro tracks for MK8. You have a lot of variety, from underwater, to space, to the Sugar Rush track from Wreck-it Ralph (okay, it's not officially from there but it's close enough). And I appreciate that in standard Mario Kart fashion, they included several shortcuts across the maps to mix it up a bit. [+] The highlight reel. It's always fun to take a look at the \"highlights\" of the race and play back in slow motion the point where you destroyed your friend with a red shell. And the fact that you can save 6 of your favorites to go back to at any time is also pretty cool. [+] Collectible stamps. Adds another layer of replayability to collect all 90 stamps in the game. These can be used in your optional Miiverse posts. But for OCD people like me who just like to 100% the game, they present an extra challenge (requires beating the GPs with each character and beating the staff ghosts on all Time Trial courses). What I don't like: [-] Default option after the race ends. Instead of mashing A at the end of the race like you're used to, you have to train yourself to take a chill pill and wait for the post-race menu to come up, press down first, then A. Because the default option is to go to the highlight reel instead of starting the next race. A very small nitpick, but still something that slightly bothers me. [-] No overall screen to view game progress. If you've ever played Super Mario 3D World, you'll know what I'm talking about because that game did it better than any other game I've seen before. They had a menu in there that listed out the status of *everything* in the game that you've done, so you have a one-stop place to see how far you are to 100%ing the game. Even MK Wii had a little Driver License menu that showed all your cups beaten, which characters/tracks you use the most, and other various statistics. There is nothing of the sort in MK8 unfortunately. They need to just add a single screen that shows your cup progress, character unlock progress, vehicles/tires/parachutes unlocked progress, stamps collected, staff ghosts beaten, and general offline/online gameplay stats. [-] No post-GP award ceremony. Even though it was only like 15 seconds long and most of the time you skipped it, it was still always fun to see the results of your grand prix in an interesting way. These have been around in every other MK game. In MK8, instead of an award ceremony, it just plays back a few clips of you driving around the courses and shows you your trophy. Boring. It almost makes it feel pointless to spend four races competing but then not get too see the top three winners being rewarded accordingly. Instead it's just: Race over, here's a rotating trophy, back to main menu now. [-] Missing characters. I like that they have 30 characters now, which is more than any other MK game. But they shouldn't have done that at the expense of so many other awesome characters that were previously playable. Because in MK8, FIVE of them are baby characters, and SEVEN of them are the various Bowser Castle bosses (like Iggy, Wendy, etc). And then out of nowhere they also added \"Pink Gold Peach\" who is basically a Pink version of Metal Mario? No idea where that came from. So we have 3 Peach characters (normal, baby, pink gold). And I appreciate the sheer number of characters, but there are so many better ones they could have brought back from previous games, such as: Birdo, Dry Bones, Dry Bowser, Diddy Kong, Funky Kong, King Boo, Paratroopa, Petey Piranha, etc. [-] BATTLE MODE! This is really the big one, the only negative that is really worth deducting a full star for. Battle mode, which was probably my favorite mode in the past, is now useless. Rather than epic arena maps we're used to, like Skyscraper, Big Donut, etc., you can only do battle mode on the normal race tracks. Translation: Completely un-fun. You drive around in circles around the track, take forever to find someone, and when you finally do, they're driving the opposite direction so you have half a second to react. Then you wait again for someone else. You simply can't have a decent battle on a track designed for racing. They are too big, too narrow, and too linear. Please bring back arena maps, Nintendo! I will happily purchase a $10 DLC pack to add these back! Conclusion: I love MK8, easily a must-buy game if you have a Wii U. But why oh why did they have to ruin battle mode? Luckily, I haven't lost all hope yet, since just about everything in my cons list could potentially be fixed through downloadable updates. But will it ever happen? Guess we'll just keep our fingers crossed..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Candid Reviewer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1SC7Z2646QCP9","Helpful Votes":"5.0/7.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 for the Nintendo Wii U is far and away the best Mario Kart game yet--and yes, I've played them all. EXCELLENT CONTROLS The kart physics and handling will feel utterly familiar to those who have played the last few entries in the series. That's good news because it means the controls are still as polished and responsive as ever. Moreover, the variables that affect your kart's top speed, acceleration, handling, weight, and traction also function almost exactly as they have in the past, except that now those variables are no longer entirely tied to specific characters. Character choice now has a milder effect on how the kart performs (though it does still have an effect), while the specific options you choose for your kart (body type, tire type, and glider type) now play a greater role in determining its resulting performance characteristics. For racing, I think the Gamepad, the Wiimote with Nunchuk, or the Pro Controller all work very well. You can also use the motion controls if you want (i.e., tilting the Wiimote back and forth like a steering wheel), but I've never found that to be as responsive as using the thumbstick to steer. Of course, kids or inexperienced gamers may prefer the motion controls, especially if they're very young and lack the manual dexterity to operate the thumbstick with precision. SUPERB GRAPHICS ENHANCE GAMEPLAY By far the most noticeable improvement in Mario Kart 8 is the substantial upgrade in graphics and detail, especially with regard to the tracks (though the characters and karts look better too). This significantly enhances the racing experience--in part, because the tracks look so much nicer, but mainly because Nintendo has added more nuances that can affect how well you race on a given track. For example, there are strategic shortcuts that will give you a slight edge ahead, or moving acceleration patches that can catapult you far ahead if you hit them consistently in a well-timed sequence, or discrete ledges that permit you access to an extra row of item boxes or a modest shortcut if you steer your glider skillfully enough to access them, and so on. Some of these kinds of nuances existed in previous iterations of the game, but never quite so thoughtfully incorporated. Moreover, nearly every track has a very distinctive theme that makes it stand out visually, far more so than any assortment of tracks from previous entries in the franchise. WELL BALANCED GAMEPLAY I especially like how Nintendo has tweaked the power items (how often they appear, how they function, and how drastically they affect the racing) to balance out the gameplay. There are still many rows of item boxes, but the items now feel more diversified and rarer to obtain so that, for example, you're not constantly getting a heat-seeking red shell or a lightning bolt. Instead, if you're at the head of the pack, you can expect to get a steady diet of bananas, green shells, and mere coins. If you fall further back, the boxes will start giving out more powerful items to help you recover, such as red shells, triple red shells, speed boost mushrooms, and triple speed boost mushrooms. And if you fall all the way to the rear, you'll start getting far more substantial help in the form of speeding bullets (you launch ahead as a giant bullet, knocking out other racers out as you go), golden mushrooms (a series of speed boosts), lightning bolts (to shrink and slow the other players), ink (to obstruct the other players' screens with splotches of ink), and blue shells (to knock out the person in 1st place). Also, there are some new items, like the music box, which can be used to knock out enemies in a close radius or, better yet, to knock out the dreaded blue shell before it blows you out of first place. All together, this makes the game feel much better balanced than any previous version, so that winning or losing depends much more on how well you drive and strategize, not merely on how lucky you are at getting powerful items to knock everyone else out. Nintendo also wisely reduced the recovery time for falling off ledges by several seconds. That's a nice tweak as well, since it means that less skillful players will not get nearly as frustrated on tracks that have a lot of jumps and gaps. In some previous entries in the series, there were tracks you simply couldn't play with inexperienced fellow players or they wouldn't be able to have fun. With this game, even young children will probably be fine on most of the tracks because the recovery from a fall off the side of a track is so much faster--almost as brief as running into a banana for a very brief spin out. This also means that if you're doing a great job racing, but make one mistake that throws you off the track, it is still possible to recover fast enough to win. In some previous Mario Kart games, one fall could sometimes set you back so many pole positions in a single race that it would potentially prevent you from winning the entire cup. Also, if you get turned around and don't correct the problem soon enough, the cloud koopa will fish your kart back around facing the right way--again, a great help for young kids who might get turned around while playing. Lastly, subtle racing decisions now add up to have a significant impact on your success at racing, ensuring that good racing skills are rewarded comparatively more here than in previous versions of the game. For instance, you can learn to drift around corners for a slight speed boost, as in the previous version. You can collide with other players (or on some tracks, strategically placed pinball-like bumpers) to gain a slight speed boost. You can take a strategic shortcut. You can tweak your kart's characteristics (body/tires/glider). And so on. While most of these possibilities existed in previous iterations of the game, they come together more effectively here so that, if you really master all of these subtle elements, it adds up to a substantial competitive edge over less experienced or less skillful racers. It's hard to explain the effect this has on the gaming experience, but it just makes the racing feel more solid, with clearer benefits for skill progression, whereas previous entries in the series always felt haunted by a \"luck\" factor that had little or nothing to do with skill, and also often felt as though there was a little too much mayhem happening too often from too many powerful items being constantly churned out and used against you. SOME DOWNSIDES As you've likely seen in other reviews, Battle Mode is the main disappointment here because there are no arenas included. Instead, you battle on the tracks. Although this means there is more variety in where you battle now, it is disappointing not to have at least a few large arenas that concentrate the battle in a central area, instead of requiring you to roam (and sometimes \"hunt\" for others) around a closed circuit track. I suspect Nintendo will resolve this in the future by offering downloadable stadiums for purchase. If they do, I know many fans will be pleased. Regardless, this isn't a deal breaker. There's plenty here to enjoy--and enough to still make this the best Mario Kart game yet. But unless Nintendo releases some arenas, Battle Mode will remain a disappointment that most players simply ignore. The other big disappointment here is no split screen option. I thought for sure that when racing with two players, one would be able to use the gamepad while the other person enjoys the full television screen. Nope. Even if you're only playing with two players, you have to play it split screen on the television. It's not a big deal, I guess, but it would be so cool if I had the option to put one player entirely on the gamepad's screen, leaving the entire television screen for player two. Oh well. The good news is that you can play solely on the gamepad in 1-player mode if you want to free up the television for another family member to watch TV. For 2 or more players, though, the gamepad screen gets split just like the television, and thus, feels too small to be useful, so I switch it to a map view and watch my character on the larger (split) television screen instead. CONCLUSION There is a lot more I could say, but really it boils down to this: If you like Mario Kart or simply enjoy racing and you own a Wii U, go ahead and buy this game! There are dozens, if not hundreds, of hours of fun to be had here. And it's family friendly entertainment that adults and young kids alike will enjoy. It also features competitive racing online, which will extend the playability of the game quite a lot. But the biggest treat is the beauty and detail of the tracks, which are so much more distinctive, creative, vibrant, and nuanced than ever before. Trust me, if you like Mario Kart, you want this game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"T. Theel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39GFCCXQ37J7V","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"The beautiful HD Graphics will make your eyes water, blending hyperealism with Nintendo's staple of high saturated and colorful aesthetics. The music is also beautiful, utilizing live orchestras and bands with a variety of instruments and styles to suit each course. Most importantly, track designs are superior to all previous installments; thanks to the antigravity mechanic, courses have nearly zero boundaries. The online is vastly improved as well. Taking notes from the 3ds version, which were well received. MK8 brings back the charm that felt missing from MK7 and executed every technical and graphical component flawlessly. Must purchase this game if you have a Wii U, or when you purchase one for Smash Bros 4, Legend of Zelda, Star Fox, SMT x Fire Emblem, Pokken Fighters among other highly antipated Wii U releases. This game is largely responsible for re-instilled confidence in a successful future for the Wii U and Nintendo."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. J. Nelson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A102JUK717WA1B","Helpful Votes":"3.0/4.0","Review":"This adds on to the Mario Kart series with new items, new tracks, new characters, new vehicle types and vastly upgraded graphics compared to the Wii. The most I've played with is two people locally and the gameplay never slows down. The new items make for creative ways to slow people down or save yourself from getting hit. The new tracks are beautiful, with vibrant colors that Nintendo is well known for. Some are easier than others but the variety makes every race unique. The new characters don't as much content to the game as the new vehicle types but it's fun to have them nonetheless. Certain vehicles will be better for certain tracks but you can still use any to finish a race just fine. Which character you choose actually does affect your racing stats though the game doesn't explicitly show it on the character screen. The upgraded graphics are always a plus but have never made a game great for me anyway. As with almost any game, this game is most enjoyable playing with friends locally, but if you can't do that, then there are plenty of people online to play. Definitely have enjoyed playing with my wife so far and will be getting many hours of competition and fun out of this. I recommend you buy it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Carlos Davila","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ECK492JCPJTB","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"Excellent graphics, creative new items, and a fancy new style: gravity. I would recommend this to anyone, even to people that doesn't like nintendo!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Meg","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3DTVV2YZ7G4R1","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I adore Mario Kart in general. That being said, there are some things I'm not super fond of. I hate the introduction of coins in racing. I loved coin battles. Coin battles are fun. But it sucks to get coins. I've gotten coins in every place, 1-12. At least with a banana I can hold it behind me and possibly protect myself from shells. Moreover, there doesn't seem to be as much of a difference between the vehicles as there was in the Wii version. Also, I really miss the onscreen map. I do love the graphics. Everything looks shiny and new. Word of warning though for people who get motion sick, some of the tracks make me feel really nauseous, so do be prepared with medicine/tea/etc. I like some of the new characters; the Pink Gold Peach is my favorite addition. The track selections are pretty solid. I particularly love having two versions of Rainbow Road. Overall it's a good addition to your video game collection if you have a Wii U."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"B. Clark","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ZM6KS5E4A16A","Helpful Votes":"3.0/4.0","Review":"This game exceeded my expectations. It's beautiful, lots of attention to detail. Character interactions during the race are entertaining. Great track and weapons variety. Multiplayer is a blast. Anything I could nitpick (battle mode arenas or my character wish list) wouldn't remove a star from my rating. It delivers what it promises, I'm satisfied. *I recommend picking up the pro-controller if you are going to play online or for long periods of time. The analog sensitivity seems more accurate and feels better in my hand for this particular game. Using the gamepad gave me a bit of a cramp in my right hand after a few races and there is no real benefit to it here. Motion controls are good fun, but I save that for those rare silly occasions with friends. To each his own though, I saw an online player doing well with motion controls this morning. **Successfully registered my copy of MK8 and downloaded Zelda for free. Club.nintendo is under a lot of traffic and is extremely busy timing out etc, but I eventually got everything done after 10 minutes of trying, the following day."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"blapierre","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AEO1PJTWZ7DH4","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"If you own a WII U, you have to buy this. It you don't own a WII U, you might want to consider buying a WII U to play this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Roberto Gomes","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AUZ8KNW6LY6ED","Helpful Votes":"2.0/2.0","Review":"looks amazing online is amazing wishing they add some dlc this game is a blast. Smash online now looks promising."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CSTXPP7QOPFZ","Helpful Votes":"6.0/8.0","Review":"So much fun! Been playing for 5+ hours and I need a break haha. Finally a WiiU game that making my friends get the console!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer \"razor\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1O5QDENIVDMCN","Helpful Votes":"10.0/14.0","Review":"A great installment in the franchise. I couldn't ask for much more out of Mario Kart. Great job Nintendo. I'll be playing this for years to come."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rob","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ACSEVXT6SHGTB","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"A stellar game! With all the retro-tracks from the SNES addition onward, this game is a nostalgic delight as well as a beautifully crafted game. The new tracks and mechanics are immensely enjoyable. ...though if you really want to compete, you need to buy a wii gamepad. You don't need a special Wii U one. The old ones for the Wii work fine. The motion controls are fine for casual play, but really getting the most out of every slide on every corner requires a gamepad."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Randi Morse","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1VTBADV3JS1EC","Helpful Votes":"3.0/4.0","Review":"We've got almost all the Mario games that have been made, so of course we pre-ordered the Mario Kart 8 game! It came on release day and we haven't been happier so far! This game gives you all the classic feel of Mario games without sacrificing anything - and you gain amazing graphics! We haven't messed with battle mode much yet, or online mode, but so far we've spent about 4 hours racing each other (and racing separately) and even my 13 year old admitted that it was definitely worth the wait!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Erik","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2YA0L2FBGIJPY","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"I absolutely love this game!! It's been a highlight of the summer. I play games to have fun. Nintendo does not dissapoint. Great gameplay, graphics and audio make this game a no brainer. The best part is it is family friendly. No guns, no blood, no sexual crap and no cussing. A solid game that doesn't need weak gimmicks (listed above) to have a great time with friends and family. Did I mention NEW tracks and characters coming in November/May. Awesome!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Caleb Lang","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SLRAY7SYG0WY","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is the amazing new addition to the famous series. It has lots of new elements and and tracks that make it unique and addictive. It is a complex gave that is tons of fun. If you haven't every gotten into Mario Kart now is the time, I guarantee you will be impressed. If your a fan of Mario Kart you need to get 8 it takes the game to the next level and you will love the wild ride it takes you on. Enjoy!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Vinod Kali","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYOBH6ARJW232","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"an amazing game, was the reason I chose to buy a Wii U. At one point if you bought this game you got a free game, two for the price of one. If they can keep making titles like this then i'll keep my Wii U."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Adam W","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A21BDSMD6MTKPF","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Love this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Eric J. Simpson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AGI7KNHIGJHJE","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"So much better than Mario Kart Wii with an exception or two. I enjoyed the individualized driving characteristics given to each and every character in the Mario Kart Wii game. In Mario Kart 8, character each share common characteristics based on size class. That kind of sucks. Battle mode is useless. On-line play, however is so much fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Michael Kerner \"Michael Kerner\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3W4D8XOGLWUN5","Helpful Votes":"3.0/4.0","Review":"There is no question that Nintendo has really made some excellent games over the past several years with the success of the Nintendo Wii. But with the Wii U since it came out a few years ago, there really hasn't been many games that really have hit the nail for the system. While there have been some good games like New Super Mario Brothers U and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze that have delivered nicely. But surprisingly, there really hasn't been that blockbuster game that can appeal to everyone. Well, Nintendo is definitely trying to get that rhythm out with the release of Mario Kart 8, continuing the success of Nintendo's most-popular racing franchise for over 20 years. It showed a massive appeal on the Wii and with Mario Kart 7 on the Nintendo 3DS. Now, that Nintendo is pulling out the big guns with the Wii U, the question is does the game deliver all over again, well the answer is absolutely yes. Mario Kart 8 for the Wii U definitely delivers with the success of both Mario Kart Wii and Mario Kart 7 for the 3DS, into great fashion as Mario and his friends and foes, across 32 classic and current tracks. This time there are many more outrageous twists and turns this time around, as you can race on many twisting and turning tracks that can make it more challenging as you can race either old favorites like Mario and Yoshi, or the newcomers like any of Bowser's Kooplings, Roy, Ludwig, Larry, Morton, Wendy, Iggy and Lemmy all across courses like the Bowser's Castle, the Koopa Airport, all the way to the skies by racing on one of Bowser's fierce airships, as well as classic tracks like Rainbow Road and Yoshi Valley from Mario Kart 64 and Tick Tock Clock from Mario Kart DS. The tracks definitely are challenging as well as have great twists and turns by racing regularly, and sideways, its like combing the Mario Kart gameplay, with the fierceness of F-Zero's tracks. The graphics are great and the control is definitely at par with all the great Mario Kart games from before, surprisingly where so many Wii U games have missed the mark this past year. You can play with either the Wii U Gamepad, or the Wii-Mote and Nunchuck Controller or Wii U Pro Controller. It definitely is a game that handles well from every angle from riding Lakitu's Motorcycle, to riding Yoshi's Wiggler Caterpillar racer. All in all, I found this game to really deliver from everyone position for the Mario Kart racer young and die hard racer. This is definitely a race game series that still shows to deliver after all this time. I have loved about every Mario Kart game all the way back to over 20 years ago when Mario Kart first hit the Super NES era. This is definitely a fun title, and absolutely makes you just wanna grab a Wii U, grab your Kart and take a warp pipe all the way to the finish line. Graphics: A- Sound: A Control: Wii U Gamepad B+; Wii U Pro Controller: A; Wii-Mote & Nunuchuck: B 1/2+; Wii Wheel B 1/2- Fun & Enjoyment: A for solo player; A- for multiplayer Overall: A-"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"John S. Dean \"John\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ABQWMANK4AR63","Helpful Votes":"3.0/4.0","Review":"My 10 year old and I love Mario Kart, as well as the Sonic racing games. My son has been waiting for this for a long time. I have as well just for the fun I can have with him. The good - the graphics really are well done for Mario Kart. Granted, we're not talking Infamous Second Son here or Watchdogs Or even Assassin's Creed 4, but for Mario Kart, it looks really good. Crisp graphics, vibrant colors, everything really looks great. The additional surfaces are a nice addition. My son is used to the flying aspect from his 3DS and Mario Kart 7, but I like the \"stick to the walls\" addition in this one. Some levels don't do the \"90 degrees up in the air\" parts of the track where that's necessary, but they *DO* offer that \"ride on the wall\" option in some sections of some of the normally flat tracks. Helps get you up out of the normal area and gives you a few extra turbo sections to speed up on. But in the normal course of racing, that \"up in the air stick to the wall\" section really isn't that noticeable since you're seeing everything relative to YOUR point of view, so whether you're racing flat on the ground or up 90 degrees in the air, you just see the flat surface you're racing on, so your perspective is the same regardless unless you pay close attention to the horizon to see the changes. But it really is just more of the same. The tracks look nicer, but for the ones that are duplicates of previous tracks, it's just the same thing but looking better. My biggest complaint is the drifting. It's not as \"nice\" as earlier Mario Kart games, or as good as the Sega Sonic racing games. There's not as much control over drifting here, it doesn't control the \"more drift or less drift\" as much as the others. And I wish they had done the triggers as the forward / reverse acceleration, rather than the A button. It's more awkward for us to hold the A button on the gamepad to go forward and use triggers to drift as it would've been to use the trigger for acceleration and the A button to drift. I haven't dug yet into any controller customizations, so we'll see if we can adjust that, but out of the box I wish they had done it differently. Many levels have random things in different parts of the tracks as obstacles, and I like that bit of randomness. One level has trollies, another has, obviously, the cows we're used to. One has rolling objects. Sometimes they're on the right side, sometimes they're in the middle, so it adds a bit of \"you better pay attention\" to the levels since you may have to drift more, or less, on some turns depending on what random thing you may hit around or after that turn. There seems to not be as much integration with the Game Pad as I would've liked. You see the track and your position on it, you see who's in what position as far as the 1st through 12th go. Personally, I wish they would've done the rear view in the mostly unused middle portion of the Game Pad. And we won't even go into the decision someone made to not allow a two player local race without split screen. Even Sonic's racing game allows the person on the gamepad to have the whole gamepad screen to themselves, and the person racing using the TV to have that whole screen for their view. There's no excuse for this forced split screen in a local two player game. The initial load times are a noticeable amount longer than the last Wii game, but that's to be expected with the more detailed tracks and higher graphics. And for the \"Doesn't matter but still, really?\" category is the theme music while in the menus. I can shut out the world and hear the Mario Kart theme from the Wii game and I enjoyed it. This music in here for the menus really is a bit of a letdown comparatively, sounds more like what some late night show would have their band playing as the credits roll at the end. Not inspired at all, but as I said, that doesn't count since it has nothing to do with gameplay, just something they COULD have done better. I also wish the default after the race wasn't \"watch highlights\" but \"next race\" since I have a tendency to hit the A button after races to skip all the superfluous stuff. In this that drops you to watching movies of your race. Fortunately if you're impatient and hit the A button and get dumped into the replay, the immediate default option is to get out of it again, so it's not too bad. Bottom line - if you or your kid likes Mario Kart, this is worth getting. Bit of things here and there that make it less than maybe it could have been, but it still beats playing the original Wii Mario Kart over and over. Nice change of pace, still the \"insanely simplistic\" controls of Mario Kart on the Wii compared to Sonic or something else, so it's still a great game for kids to enjoy, which is really where this made its mark anyway. You won't want this for realistic racing, it's not even on part with the Sega Sonic series for control and racing and difference between air, sea, and land even though this is brand new and the other has been around for a couple years. But there is SOMETHING about Mario Kart that just makes it a timeless classic, and this is an enjoyable romp with better graphics, new levels and better looking old levels... Side note - so far I've only been hit ONCE by the annoying blue bomb that targets first place racers, and I've been in first place for 16 or 20 races... I really dislike that thing, and it's always one of the biggest annoyances in the Mario Kart games, but in this version, it's not NEARLY as prevalent as it's been in previous versions. Although I have to admit this is still the only game that can make me swear so profusely anyway... And there's at least a pickup you can hold onto that stops the blue shell from hitting you. Worth getting for any Mario Kart fan, just be aware it still has its drawbacks... And a bonus so far after playing it as long as I have (11 days now) is that so far, at least for me, it's been completely bug free. Not often a new game comes out for newer consoles that doesn't have *SOME* bug to deal with. But in here so far, not a single glitch. If they'd fix the split screen requirement for two people, this would become a 5 star game despite the other small annoyances."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Renfroe \"metal9966\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2HPFAGZEW1IAM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Summary Best Entry in the Mario Kart Series. Even Beats my personal favorites Mario Kart 64 and Mario Kart DS. Presentation Absolutely perfect, you are greeted with excellently crafted in game models of favorite Nintendo characters, super visuals and great menus and online capability. Gameplay AAA gameplay in both the single player player and multi-player modes. I will not go into much detail as other reviews have detailed this completely. The addition of the glider, propeller and hovercraft mechanic is great and feels so much like Mario Kart even though it is new to the series. the Level design is absolutely top notch except for I would have liked more shortcuts. Also the mushroom powerup has been de-rated way to much for my liking. The other outstanding accomplishment is that the realism has been kicked up several notches (Don't worry its still Mario kart physics). All the Karts and bikes now have working suspension and wonderful cartoon like animations. Never have I felt that Wario and all the other playable characters were more alive. Their distinct personalities and traits really poke me with joy as I race the different characters. DLC: a welcome addition as they are adding different characters and Zelda for the first time is racing... And 16 additional tracks are incoming as well... Disappointment: Battle arenas are gone?!? I really hope Nintendo adds them back in within a game update as this is not cool... Graphics Stunning... Stunning... Stunning. This showcases the Wii U capabilities with special effects, great multi-layered textures and stunning lighting. Its amazing the difference in areas like moo-moo farm when comparing the Wii U and the Wii version. Runs at a steady 60fps for single and two player, and 30fps for 3 or 4 player. Sound Great sound, good Jazz music and effects. However I am disappointed with the 6.1 mix again... Personal Comments Great game, sunk more than 50 hours so far into this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Jesse","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A363Z40QR6OCUG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Now let me start off by saying I am a huge Mario Kart fan, but with that said the flaws in this game can not be ignored. But I first I would like to start off by talking about the good thing. This Mario Kart game is the best looking, this game of course is the most graphical superb in the entire series, the game just looks great. Second the music for the game is also pretty good, all the stages have their own music and most of them are great. Now for the flaws first the part that was most advertised the anti-gravity sections, first of I'd like to say that this is nothing new the most memorable game i recall having anti-gravity was Crash Nitro Kart, now MK8 doesn't use the anti gravity all that well, first off most of the anti-gravity can be avoided simply by taking the path that doesn't use the anti-gravity, one stage that i do believe used the anti-gravity quite well was Shy Guy Falls, where the game has you going up and down i water fall. But for the most part on all other stages it just feels gimmicky, another thing the anti-gravity sections cause is when players crash together you get a speed boost now this sounds good but alot of the time you will crash making sharp turns, and if you dont have good control most of the time you will just fly off the track. Now AI now the AI isn't difficult you will pass all the tracks on 50cc in an hour or so, now on higher difficulties like 150cc they still aren't any different but i will say this they do become unfair, now by this i mean, for example lets say you are first and one of the AI throws a blue shell you get hit, some AI passes you then as your starting up again, then a red shell hits you, more AI passes you then they drop something in front of you and a again you fumble, ending up in like 6th, but if you dont a good lead on them even on 150cc they aren't any threat. Items now items were a big let down, now i believe Double Dash had the best item mechanic of any of the games, lets you hold 2 items at a time, well with MK8 you can only have one at a time. Even worse, MK double dash the characters had special items unique to only that character, DK had a big banana, Mario had fireballs, bowser had a huge bowser shell, and the babies had the chain chomp and so on. Well MK8 has none of that, instead we just get generic items that are most of the games, Shells, star, Mushroom(boost), lighting, bomb, squid and then you have a few special items which are the Bullet bill, Sound Box, and The crazy 8 as i call it which is were you get the 8 generic items. Now i excluded the coin because i want to talk about that separately. First the Bullet bill is over powered nothing can stop it, it is unaffected by any and all items or obstacles, then there is the sound box which is basically the blue shell killer, because its an item that can deflect/destroy the blue shell, and talking about the blue shell it no longer flies in the air instead glides on the ground now this means it will also hit all races in its way, now the blue shell has been ruined in my opinion not only because of this, because ive played for a while and noticed that it will hit who ever was first when it was thrown so if that person ends up in 3rd but they were first when it was thrown they will get hit, i cant tell if this is a bug or if this is what is the case. Now the coins I fell this is the one item that everyone hates, because you cant get from a ? block, sometimes a red shell will get thrown at you and you go through a ? block and you hope its something to block with and what do you get a coin, and you just take the hit. Now coins do do something in the game, first they are used to unlock parts in the game, but beyond that on the track by collecting ten you get a stat boost, now this is all fine and good but i feel that they shouldn't be in ? black because they really dont help at all that boost it gives really is nothing. I wish they would have done more with the coins, like in crash nitro Kart when you had 10 Wumpa fruit, and had a regular item you could use the 10 fruits to \"juice-jump\"(enhance the item) you had, so a sheild would become stronger and longer lasting, if you had one speed booster canister it would make it 3 and so on, a wish something like that would have been done. But for now the coins really dont do much, and let me tell you its the item you will get the most from the ? blocks. Now the Karts, now the karts like the characters, there is quite a few of, but most of them have the same stats so it really comes down to what you want your ride to look like and who you want to be. Now the wells is where is changes alot of the wheels have the same stats but are better under different conditions, some tires are better underwater, some are better on sand/snow, some are better on anti-gravity, and so on. Now unfortunately the game doesnt tell you this and this is something you will have to go to the internet for. Now i wish you could change your Kart after every race in order to fit your kart to the conditions, that would be amazing, but that is not the case and if you want to change your karts you have to go all the way back to the main menu. I feel battle mode must be talked about, because they completely ruined the battle mode, they just made boring as possible. Now in double dash you had 3 battle modes, you had a bomb mode were you would hit players and get stars after collecting 4 stars you would win, then you had a ballon mode where all items were on, and getting hit 3 times most of the time meant you were out, and the last one was a king of the hill type mode where you would have to grab a star and who ever held it the longest would win. Now all these game mode were played on 4 maps, and they were small which was good because you were battling and not racing. Now what does MK8 have, it only has the balloon battle mode, and its played on all regular tracks you race on,when i first saw this i thought \"oh maybe you keep going around and around till only one player is left\" but no you have full range of the course not having to go in only one direction and this makes it hard to sometimes find players especially on those bigger maps. But yea over all its just boring and the least played game mode, i fell this was just added at the end, and not effort went into this games battle mode. Now some game mechanics that were annoying to me, first throwing items backwards, if you want to do this you have to make sure you are pressing back before you press the throw button if you press at the same time of before it will just throw it forward, second in order to block items you can just hold an item behind you, now i fell this takes some skill out of the game, in double dash you had to time your throws in order to block something. Now the tricks that give you boost are just boring, and a simple boost i wish they would have done something like in Sonics all star racing Transformed, where you could do multiple flips/tricks in ordered to get a bigger boost but if you landed wrong you would lose all your speed/momentum. But in the end i personally thought it was an ok/good game though after playing it i felt like playing double dash and Crash Nitro Kart. So i would recommended it, but only for $30 and below i dont believe this game justifies the 60 dollar price tag. And i would like to mention that there are 2 dlcs on the way with a ton of new tracks and 2 new characters(link and villager) and a few new Karts. But there is no mention if it will add new modes or anything besides that. So for now my opinion stands as it is."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Seig","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AANPBPGAJ9F9T","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"After Mario Kart 64, I stopped playing the Mario Kart series until Mario Kart 7, which I absolutely loved, and caused me to go back and get the ones I'd missed. Mario Kart 8 is turning out to be that fun experience all over again, only on my big screen. I was a bit concerned about some of the negative reviews, particularly the ones claiming that the AI is essentially \"cheap\" from the very beginning, always knocking you one position back right before you're about to finish 1st. Well, I just finished the first 4 new cups, and I placed 1st on every single race, 3 stars to boot. Yeah I'd get hit from time to time, but as is usually the case when I start off on 50cc, I still had a considerable lead on the racer in 2nd whenever I finished. Even when I got hit with the blue shell, happened maybe 4-5 times over the span of all 4 cups, and I still kept my place in 1st every single time. If the \"unfairness\" comes along in the 100cc or 150cc, I'd have to say I hope so. The difficulty is supposed to ramp up when you up the class. The enemy's aim seems fair enough to me; I've seen plenty of green shells miss me, especially during the battle mode, let alone just racing. The further ahead you are, the less likely you're going to get some of the bigger weapons like the lightning bolt or triple red shells or all of that, because you don't need it as bad. This might sound unfair, but what fun would it be if someone reaches 1st place and then beats everyone else down with a lightning bolt on top of that? The whole point of the weapons is to even the playing field a bit. This isn't even new in the series, the game's been doing that since at least Mario Kart 7, fairly sure it even did it to a degree on the 64. Battle mode uses race courses as arenas, and I have to admit I didn't play battle mode much, but the arenas in previous titles always had a choppy flow to me. Using a certain course with a bunch of branching paths, spawning the racers evenly across it, and then having them all drive in opposite directions along with the item spawns felt like it smoothed out the flow and made things more enjoyable for someone like me. So for me, none of the negative reviews I read had any merit for me. To each their own I suppose. Over all, I've loved the new tracks in the 4 new cups, and I'm looking forward to seeing the older tracks with MK8 overhaul. 50cc is definitely too easy for me, but I never managed to perfect score the tracks on 150cc on Mario Kart 7 so I'm expecting a challenge in the higher classes. The DLC looks like honest DLC handled well, rather than like they're charging you $ for the rest of the game, which is an unexpected plus. This game has given me a reason to spend more time on my Wii U."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"KD","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1TTSLX5TC5Z9K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mariokart 8 is a must have for any Nintendo Wii U owner and could justify the purchase of the console. It's a great installment of the series that builds on everything that is great about Mariokart. The new levels are fantastic! The Star Cup is awesome with Mount Wario as my favorite new level and the Special cup is also stellar with Bowser's Castle. But all the levels are great so you just need to play them all. There is also a great selection of throwback levels with the banana cup being the hardest for me to ace and the Leaf and Lightning Cups being an absolute blast! What I really like about this game is that I feel it is pretty challenging to get a gold cup with 3 stars (150cc/mirror). The graphics are also really nice which Nintendo very rarely gets an opportunity to be complimented on. The dynamics of the Grand Prix have been changed a lot from Mariokart Wii which I am sure people will argue what is better or worse. Blue turtle shells are way more rare, with there maybe being one sent per race whereas in Mariokart Wii I felt like i had to fend off like 3 per race if I sat in the lead. This game also has an \"escape velocity\" for the racers in places 1-3 where they really separate from the pack and have their own go at it. The worst places to be in the game is the dreaded slots 4-9 with it being an absolute aggravating mess which can be very very difficult to escape. These dynamics are a break from Mariokart Wii where almost anyone was still in the race up until the last lap, whereas in Mariokart 8 that is no longer the case. Mariokart 8 is more fair to the leader of the pack but maybe not as good as Mariokart Wii with a big group of friends because of how wonderfully chaotic and fun it was. You may be able to fix this with the settings in a custom race in Mariokart 8. DLC DLC DLC! Finally, I have been waiting for Nintendo to capitalize on this and I cannot wait for the new content to be released instead of waiting for a new Nintendo platform! I have only two minor gripes about the game, emphasis on minor. I think the vehicle selection/customization interface could be upgraded to help you build your racer for stats; right now it is a lot of scrolling back and forth while you try to remember exactly how many tick marks you had before. The second minor complaint is that I have been racing in places 4-8 and received a coin from the question mark boxes which felt like an utter injustice of the Marioworld!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Craig Deming \"Cenedarprime\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A4Z0OH2SIX4TF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8, more than anything else, serves as a celebration and cumulative result of the several games that came before, taking elements from multiple titles and, for the most part, successfully melding them together into the definitive Mario Kart experience. Games of this quality are needed now more than ever for Nintendo's Wii U system, which is still pulling itself up from the mediocre sales it achieved since its launch. Gameplay wise, MK8 sticks to the tried and true formula at its core. Mario and his colorful friends grab a kart and race around 32 wacky tracks based on several locales in the Mushroom Kingdom. Racers can slide through corners to maintain speed and gain helpful speed boosts, grab coins to help increase their top speed during a race (up to 10 per race) and snag items from glowing rainbow boxes to trip up, blow up, or similarly ruin their opponents' run. After this, though, is where several elements of previous games begin to show. Bikes have rejoined the race options for the first time since MK on the Wii, as did a form of the trick system introduced in the same game. When hitting the top of a ramp or large enough environmental obstacle, racers can perform a trick to gain another speed boost upon landing. These are simple to do and you cannot fail a trick once started. From MK7 on the 3DS, kart customization returns, allowing players to build their own kart before entering a race. Players choose from a pool of kart bodies, wheels, and gliders to build their vehicle. The gliders play into airborne sections, also returning from MK7 alongside underwater sections. Neither one of these additions really changes up a race too much but serve to break up the action well enough. The customization of vehicles, however, has a very definite effect on your racing capabilities. Along with karts and bikes, Nintendo also added ATV bodies to the options as well, but this last seems like an afterthought as there are only a handful of ATV bodies, and most of them are (generally) outperformed by their kart and bike equivalents. Regardless, the ability to make your own kart serves to further connect a player to the game, and its great fun experimenting with different setups to find one that really CLICKS with you. In accordance to a tradition that started with Mario Kart on Nintendo's DS handheld system, MK8 features not only 16 brand new tracks but an equal number of revamped tracks from previous games. This mix gives a wide variety for racers to tackle, from tracks with lots of trick areas and unique obstacles to simpler tracks that require more of a focus on core driving skill to seize victory on. So it's clear that MK8 borrows heavily from previous titles, but what does it do that's new? Well, a couple significant things. First, as shallow as this may seem, this is the PRETTIEST Mario Kart to ever appear. The HD capabilities of the Wii U are used to incredible effect with the inventive track design, ever changing lighting, and the bright colors on the characters themselves. The other big addition in MK8 comes in the form of anti-gravity racing, where your kart's wheels go horizontal and glow blue, acting as magnets as you race along the walls, upside down, and in all manner of gravity insulting directions. This addition seems largely aesthetic at first, but changes a key part of gameplay. While in anti-grav mode, anytime you bump into another racer you both roll off of each other's wheels and gain a speed boost. This \"spin-boost\" mechanic makes you completely rethink how to pass another racer, urging you to bump an opponent at just the right angle to get the more beneficial boost. It seems simple but ends up being a brilliant new mechanic. The character roster is large, but some may see it as lacking in true diversity. Of the 30 characters available, 7 are comprised of Bowser's Koopalings, 5 are baby versions of larger character, and two are metal versions (Metal Mario and Pink Gold Peach). All the characters look great, but when there are so many babies and koopas while series staples like King Boo, Diddy Kong and Birdo are nowhere to be found, it seems like a missed opportunity. This is largely a matter of taste, though, so take my warning with a grain of salt. While single player is plenty fun, both online and off, it is in multiplayer where Mario Kart has always shone brightest; the same holds true in MK8. Up to four players can grab a controller and get in on the fun, in standard races, battle mode, or even Grand Prix mode ( a first for the series, mind you). In fact, multiplayer is heavily encouraged as every coin each player gathers is pooled together in a master count that aids in unlocking kart parts. A single player grand prix can yield a maximum of 40 coins. A four-player grand prix, however, can give up to 160. Clearly a faster and more enjoyable way to unlock parts. Characters are unlocked by earning gold cups in any grand prix on any difficulty, so newcomers don't have to worry about clearing the hardest levels of play to get their characters, while hardcore fans don't have to waste time on \"easy modes\". Online play is as smooth as ever, if it's matchmaking abilities are a little limited. Players can also use the online functions to upload replays of their favorite races to Miiverse or Youtube, a fun if unimportant addition. Nintendo has announced bonus content to be available for download in November and May, and are going to make their new Amiibo program compatible with the game, so its clear that Nintendo is going to be supporting racers for a long time to come. Besides a couple quips about roster choices and online matchmaking, Mario Kart 8 is a must-own game for Wii U owners, and is more than enough reason to pick up the system if you haven't yet."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Drewford","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39UDPOSDAGP34","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I normally don't review products that already have a mountain of reviews, but now that we have a major update for MK8 I feel like adding some additional perspective to the mix. To echo the general sentiment out there, the game is awesome. Excellent graphics, mind bending perspectives, and a fun mix of new, old, and remixed tracks. Recently I noticed the game had updated so I paid attention to what changed and I am pretty impressed. First they have fixed one of the most annoying aspects of the game - putting the \"Next Race\" button at the top of the list after finishing a grand prix race. It sounds small, I know, but accidentally clicking the wrong button and waiting for the highlights reel to load was a major annoyance. This simple overlooked detail made the game seem cheap and rushed, but it is now fixed - great! On top of that, the free Mercedez-Benz skin pack was released, and while this particular pack is somewhat hokey, DLC like this is a great addition to a game that has little in the way of story line and is more focused on achievements and unlockables. In fact, it whet my appetite for more content just enough to consider the two new paid DLC packs (Legend of Zelda & Animal Crossing). Each of these paid packs comes with 3 new characters, new vehicle options and additional track(s?). Despite the praise, I still have a couple minor complaints with the game: 1. One's position in a race determines which power-ups they are likely to receive. I.e. in first place you might only get coins, single green shells, and single bananas. Racers further back in the mix are likely to get all manner of more powerful items. The problem here is the first place car might only get coins the entire race and therefore won't even have an opportunity to use defensive technique, and luck determines whether you live or die in the final moments. I don't like when luck enters into the equation. 2. The game has an elaborate stat system for characters, cars, wheels, and gliders where each choice you make will affect your racer's speed, acceleration, handling, grip, weight, etc etc. but the game sort of goes out of its way to sweep this under the rug. WHY? One of the funnest aspects of this game is trying to select a character and kart combo for best all-around performance, or that excels in a particular area to exploit a certain track. If you press the + button on the kart selection screen you can see how your selections are affecting the basic stats, but behind the scenes you are also affecting ground speed, air speed, water speed, hover speed, and several other stats that they don't even show. I think that's a real shame, because it downplays what could be one of the more interesting strategy aspects of the game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Joshua M. Biggs \"Dragonlance Fan\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1V9PVRBO807A3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"So I got Mario Kart 8 for my Birthday, and after about three weeks of playing it decided to do this review, first let me state that this is a great game on the U, I would argue as far as fun it's one of the best, but it has it's flaws, that keeps it from getting that perfect Classic 5 star score. Now onto the pluses and minuses. + The variety of Karts, Motorcycles, etc. is amazing, each has their own stats, and can be customized, with different types of wheels, gliders, and parachutes. (Even Umbrellas) - A lot of the Karts etc. no matter how you set them up, have very similar stats. + The graphics are simply amazing, the underwater scenes are jaw dropping, and the tracks, and design there of are simply awesome. + Anti Gravity racing is a nice feature. - Unfortunately, while it's nice and everything, it really does not make much difference in the game as a whole. + The controls are awesome, and fast and responsive. + There is a nice selection of characters, some new,and a lot of returning favorites. + The new power ups/weapons are fun to use when you get them(My fav. is Piranha Plant) - Yeah, unfortunately there seems to be a huge balance issue concerning power ups in general, the computer on single player seems to have a unfair advantage. + The game play is fast, furious, and fun, if the tracks don't test your skill, your opponents certainly will. - The battle mode is not as fun as it used to be, and quite frankly can be infuriating, and frankly as far as single player racing goes, every thing I don't care for in this series, is actually worse in this game, partially do to the unbalanced power up system. Mario Kart has always had that one opponent, that would always finish either right behind you, or even beat you at the last second, I guess this was to make the game more challenging, well, it happens here to, Mario Kart has always been more about luck then skill, (After all you could have the perfect character, the perfect Kart, and race the track perfectly, and still get slammed by a turtle shell, and end up dropping anywhere from 1 to 4 places and sometimes more) In addition, as in all Mario Karts, the CPU opponents drive perfectly, and a lot of times stay close together, but what can really be infuriating, is the CPU opponents seem to focus exclusively on you, throwing everything at you, you may find yourself hit by lightning, followed by a turtle shell, followed by you driving over a unavoidable banana peel, or being hit by a Boomerang, while the CPU completely for the most part ignores other opponents, and those are the reasons this is not a 5 star classic. Overall, though this is a Very Good game, and quite possibly the best racer on the U. If you are a fan of the series, or love racing games,and you have a U, this is a must buy for you."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"barfhead","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AIXXI4LW5V6HA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"this game is beautifully animated with fresh new tracks that do a nice job exploiting the antigravity capabilities in this version. the unique detail in each course is impressive, not much cookie cutter from track to track, and the varying vehicle property combinations make a big difference depending on the style of each track. changes I enjoy include the ability to evade the blue shell with the super horn item, the increased importance of vehicle options per track, and the inability to pick up another item while holding one behind your car (this made it a little too easy for leaders to break away). the reintroduction of the coins for top speed adjustment is welcome, too, which is also the way in which unlockables are obtained. the highlights reel at the end of each track is great for sharing and posting a great run. things I don't like include the choice of playable characters- namely, the use of the 7 koopa kids from mario 3 and the 'baby' characters beyond just mario and luigi. the koopa kids have such a minor presence in the series that I think they really wasted some nice opportunities to insert more familiar or at least previously used characters, like dry bones, birdo, boo (or king boo even), diddy kong, and baby bowser, which aren't present in this version. baby peach/daisy/rosalina seem like a stretch too, and perhaps it doesn't matter much but unlocking one koopa kid after another isn't exactly rewarding. the predictable rubber banding seems scaled back with regard to the leader shell, but it is also very much present with other enemy items testing you at predictable points on the 3rd lap of certain tracks when you are in first place. finally, i think that during friendly games in which you are opening a game up to just the people on your friends list, you should be able to participate in voice chat during the race. this seems like such a basic ability that was purposely enabled only in the lobby for supposed parental concerns, but which could add so much when racing against a close knit set of friends. perhaps this will be added in retrospect. can't dock it a star though, still too good of a game. 4.5."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jonathan Behe","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3JAB9MWUDYU00","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Let me just start by saying, this game looks beautiful, from the character models to the scenery on the tracks, the HD graphics look stunning. Secondly, the game plays so well, it feels smooth and that makes it more fun to navigate through all 32 tracks (16 brand new and 16 remade courses from past games). The only flaws I would point out are that the battle mode is just terrible, there are no arenas this time, you are simply put onto a race track and you drive around hoping to hit someone all while going in a complete circle rather than being placed in an arena. Also, the character roster isn't really that good this time, sure it's the biggest it's ever been but that doesn't translate to most diverse. Several Mario characters are missing and are replaced with clones of other characters, you'll have to see for yourself, I won't spoil anything here. That being said, I still love this game and so does everyone else in the family. I've never been this invested in a Mario Kart game since the DS version, what really makes this game spectacular and replay able is the online multiplayer. You can play with random people from all over the world in high-octane, competitive races for hours! Sure the single player part is fun but once you finish all of the Grand Prixs and finish beating the staff ghosts in time trials, then what? You go online and test your skills that's what! The gameplay itself is outstanding, the driving feels great and the drifting feels excellent, especially once you get it mastered you'll be dominating the tracks in no time! One thing I really liked that doesn't seem to be acknowledged here is the soundtrack, most of the music is performed by a live band rather than computer-generated so it sounds amazing. And of course the graphics are amazing, but that goes without saying. What all of this equals is the best Mario Kart game to date, this is the most fun I've ever had with a Mario Kart game and with a game this year so far. This is easily the best arcade-style racer ever. This is just what the Wii U needed, a game that gives people a reason to go and buy one, and that's just what this is. However, if you're not buying a Wii U now, just wait until the holidays when Super Smash Brothers is released, that's the next game on my list! Excellent work Nintendo!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James Briggs","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2B43HECHRPFDN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Its as good as any other Mario Kart. The graphics are amazing and the added customization is awesome. I have only a couple of complaints. the first is the map selection. I know I know, there always have been 8 Grand Prix's. I just wish nintendo would pull some extra maps from previous games etiher as a DLC or inside the game as a extra set. While the new maps are nice, I find them to be short and more about the new racing mechanics (or gimmicks) than taking advantage of how wonderful the game looks. The game contains 32 tracks (which is a decent amount) but you spend 3 short laps on each one. But this is how MK has always been, so I can't dock them a star for that. The second point I want to make is about the items. This Mario Kart seems to almost be less about how well you race, and more abotu what items you get. This seems to be the case much more than any previous game. In particular it seems that red shells are much more common while the new items (boomerang and fire flower) dont show up as much where they should be (1-5th places) if you are in 2nd place or behind, you can almost expect a full out red shell war. When I play this with m brother, i can be just cruising along in first place while he has the fight of his life in 2nd. it isnt uncommon get steamrolled from 2nd to 8th getting hit by item after item. Items need to be re balanced. Another mechanic that sort of ruins the fun is the drifting mechanic, or more specifically how easy it is to use it. All you have to do is sit behind someone for a few seconds, and then you get to speed by them with the equivalent of a mushroom. So if your just barely ahead of someone in a close race, they can just speed ahead of you just because they are behind you. The mechanic either needs to be less intense, and/or harder to pull off. Both of these issues I find to be happening frequently and combined take a half star away. Nintendo's character selection in MK8 isnt the best. They removed good alternate skins such as dry-bones and dry bowser, and replaced them with pink-gold peach and metal mario. They also added all 7 Koopalings to the game which is rather annoying. While some people might enjoy 9 different koopas to choose from. i find it to make up a boring roster. It doesnt particularly affect me as I actually like lemmy and I race with Luigi/ Waluigi most of the time. On to some good news. The Kart customization is amazing, there are soo many possibilities to fit your play style. If you like to drft and have a need for speed like i do, you can make a Kart with good speed and traction with low handing. or maybe you're on of those guys who wants to pick Bowser in the heaviest Kart just so you can bash everyone off the track (Weight is really noticeable in MK8) The characters themselves are part of the customization as well. They each have their own stats for example, large characters like mario and up have higher speed than babies who have much better handling. They all have trade offs, which might not be good if you just feel like playing a single character. The game itself looks amazing and im definitely giving more respect to Nintendo. they are making some beautiful games. The maps are detailed for as little time as you spend in a area and the karts are equally impressive. Buy the game before the 30th (or was it the 31st) of July this year and get a free game from club nintendo. (you must have the code from inside the case) im not sure if the eStore counts"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"TaterTot","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AP6WTJVPDJQPK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this game a lot more than I thought I would. Admittedly, I am not a \"die hard\" Mario Kart fan. I remember playing on my cousin's SNES sometimes when we were kids, and that was a lot of fun. I own the Wii version now, but did not stay interested in it enough to progress very far when it came to unlocking things (the over abundance of the blue shell really made it discouraging and frustrating for me). That has been my only experience with Mario Kart until now. Mario Kart 8 has exceeded all my expectations. I am so hooked on this game! I've unlocked all the characters, racetracks, and over half of the vehicle parts. Working on getting all the stamps also. The level of customization in the game is awesome. Not only do you pick a character, you have a choice of many different karts and bikes, tires, and gliders. The combinations are endless! The items are way more balanced out compared to MK Wii. That freaking blue shell is more of a rarity. Racers at the back of the pack still get better items than those at the front, so if you are behind you are able to catch up somewhat. But they balance the items better so that the odds are not overly skewed in your favor. It takes more skill to win, rather than just getting lucky items. The graphics and racetrack designs are absolutely stunning. The graphics are so detailed that you can see the treads on the tires, and the tires will turn color if you are driving through dirt or snow. The colors are sharp and vivid. This game is totally awesome just to look at. The majority of the racetracks are very creative, especially with the addition of the anti-gravity feature and the gliders. The biggest dud about this game (and why I did not give it 5 stars) is Battle Mode. No more battle arenas that everyone knows and loves. The \"arenas\" are the racetracks now. I have only done Battle a handful of times, but the majority of the time is spent driving around trying to find other players. By the time I find someone, the clock is almost up. Online play is a blast! I only wish they could have divided racers up by skill level somehow. I have only had the game for about a week, so I am still learning the ropes. It would be nice to play with other people who are more evenly matched up to me rather than getting left in the dust with all the expert racers every time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Wise Owl","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A224K23RBRSR2A","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My eyes have seen true visual beauty now. This game looks stunning and runs flawlessly. I have played every single Mario Kart game now and this one is my favorite second only to double dash. Well why did you only give it 4 stars then? Unfortunately there were a few things I was disappointed about that left me with no choice but to remove one of those precious stars. Maybe I would give it another half a star if I could. Let me go into detail a little bit. Cons: *Worst roster ever. Too many babies and koopalings, not enough Boo, Dry Bones, Funky Kong, Diddy Kong, Dry Bowser, and other potentialy awesome characters. For being on the powerful Wii U the roster felt really small because of the characters all being so similar. Just not enough diversity. Maybe they will add some character dlc. *Can only have one item at a time! Well there goes my favorite strategy on the defensive. *What happened to battle maps? The wii battle maps were fantastic and I couldn't wait to see what they would create for the Wii U. Disappointment. They just use reuse the the same full courses. They were either lazy or rushed the game with these battle maps. Again, this can be remedied with some battle map dlc. Pros: *Graphics! Did I mention these already, well some may argue, but these visuals are next gen in my book. 1080p at 60fps, Mario's kart never looked so good. *Customization. If you enjoyed the customization and different kart choices of Mario Kart 7 then it even better in this game. *With the different stats of the charecters, vehicles, and customization options, you can really create the perfect racer for your playstyle. I'm all about top speed and acceleration and usually sacrifice everything else. *Items look fantastic and now with the horn you can stop a blue turtle shell. Yes I said stop it (not escape like a coward with a red mushroom, but actually pulverize that hellspawn shell to bits)! That's almost as insane as dividing by zero. *Sllllooooowwww Mooootttiiiooonnnn is soooo much fuuuuunn! There is nothing more entertaining then watching every single shot in which you crush your foes hopes and dreams of a first place medal in slow motion, even pausing and reversing to see the best of the destructive moments again and again. Maybe destroy a friendship or two in the process. * The tracks are wonderful. The new tracks are creative and gorgeous and the classic tracks look better than ever. On the fence about: *The anti-gravity was not as impressive as I thought it would be. It feels and drives the same as it does with the wheels so it seems kind of pointless if not just added in to say hey look something new. I looks good though. *As for the online, I haven't done much on there, but the few races I did do worked really well without any issues of lag. I don't usually play games online (if I want to play with friends I will get together and play with them). Overall why bother to get a Wii U if you aren't going to pick up Mario Kart I mean come on."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jason Allen Corley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A92FVD5CPVSRM","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"My wife bought this as a gift one day as i came in from work, and i was super excited, my Wii U finally has a game i want to play! Words cant describe the simple joy this game brings me and my family, thanks Nintendo for not forgetting what fun is."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Deborah","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2NA6LH6QWGVZT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I do really like this game. Very good for parties, online racing is stable and there's enough content to leave most content. That being said, I am disappointed that Nintendo keeps thinking they need to remake tracks, and some not very well, but they have to fill in some gaps with something right? I am also disappointed that they did things like shorten the N64 Rainbow Road stage to a measly one lap, and most of the remade stages don't even feel close to their counterparts. You basically get 16 new tracks and 16 'remade' tracks from previous versions of Mario Kart (from all previous games), and as I previously said, not many remakes feel much like the originals, but are decent for the most part. Most of the new tracks are great. Visually it's obviously the best looking game in the series, but I'm more for the controls and the tracks than anything else, and, with few exceptions, doesn't disappoint. This is the game which made me (finally) want to buy a WII U. The library is getting up there, good games abound, and if you were holding out on buying a system for a particular game - this is the one. You'll be used to the gamepads etc. buy the time this system gets one of the games people have been waiting for - Super Smash Bros U, and next year ish, the new Zelda title will eventually be available as well. Though - if you can hold out a bit longer - Black Friday/Cuber Monday will be here in just a few short months. 8.5/10 game - closer to 9.5/10 if they did a better job with the classic stage remakes."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Curtis Clements","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A30RSVR7WP41KR","Helpful Votes":"7.0/10.0","Review":"What is there to say? This is Mario Kart, now in 1080p. The game plays smooth, the controls are perfect, and the game is just as fun as it's always been. I haven't felt such anger towards a video game in years."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Unbiased Reviewer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3DSVJ3RYX7SNF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is the most FUN I've had in a video game for quite a while. Gameplay is classic Mario Kart, but with a couple new items and elements that always keeps things interesting and on your toes. The level designs are almost awe-inspiring on a visual level and a whole lotta fun. I only have two complaints: The current character roster is saturated with Baby versions of characters already there which makes the selection feel not really diverse and Battle Mode tracks could use some tweaking, other than that this game is just fantastic. Great soundtrack, great level design, improved gameplay mechanics, no rubberbanding, smart AI, beautiful and detailed and colorful visuals, improved online mode, buttery smooth frame rate, cart creator improved, bikes and carts balanced, skill based gameplay, fun gameplay, useful new items (you can finally block the flying blue shell!). But it holds on to what makes every Mario Kart game so great: Rock Solid gameplay, well designed tracks and lots of charm. Easily the best Mario Kart ever made. An amazing game with an abundance of gorgeous looking courses and awesome music, this game will being you hundreds of hours of fun whether you are playing alone or with friends. All in all a fantastic experience. For those on the fence for buying a Wii U, this is absolutely worth the ticket price. It is A MUST HAVE for any Wii U owner and a good start for someone who doesn't own a Wii U yet! This game is just amazing!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"H. R. Melendrez \"m@n-Of-stEEl\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3U2LDUE14UEVO","Helpful Votes":"7.0/10.0","Review":"No brainer here, its the best of the franchise, excellent music, perfect control, awesome visuals, and infinite replay value (internet vs) PLUS!!!! you can download 1 free game....pff, need to say more?"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Erica","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MVHMTVDKSNNA","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Love the Mario Kart series! This game is a lot of fun. My family really enjoys it. Although nothing will ever beat Double Dash and the cooperative play it had, this is still definitely worth the money"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"noah","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UTOPA1ZXVQHC","Helpful Votes":"3.0/4.0","Review":"Fun factor is through the roof. Beautiful graphics. Great soundtrack. Endless fun. BUY THIS GAME PEOPLE! WOOOO. Seriously though, do it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"David Glueck","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AS6IQRZWLIDVH","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"It's about as fun as any other Mario Kart. The gliding and riding on the walls doesn't really add that much to the game which is a little bit of a let down."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"cheryl gomez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3A184OSNWF6YG","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Mario kart 8 has all the fun as the older versions. It has better graphics ands some really fun tracks. This was a game that the whole family can play."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Isai Reyes","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AUCHHZNZ9NYYB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is extremely detailed and beautiful. (It's like candy for the eyes) It's so much fun to play online or with the family! So many controller option, every race course is packed with personality and life and the music is gorgeous.(like candy for the ears) The controls and mechanics are smooth and the game is easy to pick up and learn.. But it does get difficult and offers a satisfying amount of challenge. Get ready for many moments of yelling, screaming and laughing at the tv and each other when playing with friends. This game is 80% skill and 20% luck. The race turns into crazyness out of nowhere; anything can happen. Bad luck or a terrible split second decision can put you from 1st to 5th when you were literaly an inch away from the finish line!!... -__- Darn you blue shell!!!! But when you're skilled you'll understand that the most important part of this game is how well you recover from something like that. Oh and PS when racing NEVER be in the middle of the pack ._____. It gets really crazy! Especially when trying to climb back to first."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tenley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A17QT4N3ANAXW","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Lots of fun, and in my opinion, much better than Mario Kart 7. Wonderful new customization options, great character roster, and tons of fun levels."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Son Nguyen","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AX0TZOYTEN68Z","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Very fund. Anti-gravity adds a different twist and perspective and lots of cart customization. Online racing is where the real fun is."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Juan Ponce \"Relmpago Azul\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2N12WEGHFBU9Y","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Without losing the essence it's an evolution to the franchise, direct play and fun, however to achieve win in the 150 cc you must master the techniques and learn the tracks and shortcuts. A remarkable increase in the corridors template and customizing your go kart are part of the new, that by not naming antigravity and representing changes in gameplay. A recommend for every player that likes racing and a must for fans of arcade racing game. Sin perder la esencia una evolucin a la franquicia, juego directo y divertido, no obstante para lograr ganar en los 150 cc debes dominar las tcnicas y conocer las pistas y atajos. Un notable incremento en la plantilla de corredores y personalizacin de tu go kart son parte de las novedades, eso por no nombrar la antigravedad y los cambios que representa en la jugabilidad. Un juego recomendable para todo jugador que le gusten las carreras y un imprescindible para los seguidores de juegos de carreras arcade."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"E. Wasielewski \"thewazs\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ASQDL1DU99PGL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"What a fun game to have in the arsenal! This may be the best Mario Kart yet. It didn't take too long to get the hang of the courses, but it was still a good challenge. Probably one of the most difficult aspects is figuring out which character/cart/wheel/glider combo produces the best results. My only complaint with the game is that with older versions of MK, you were able to hold an item behind you and pick up another to have at the ready. With this version, you get your one item and that's it. You have to be empty in order to pick up a new item- which makes launching them more of a thoughtful process. Watch out, too, for the Crazy 8. That's a cool item, but as the items are spinning around you, some of them (like the super star) are able to be stolen by karts going past you. But overall, this has been crazy fun. I'm a 37 year old mom and play this with my 13 and 10 year old kids and we're having a blast with it almost daily."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"All Powerful Wizard Of Oz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1E110L9ZKX6FD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 delivers the best video game experience in 2014 and it does so without bullets. Once it hooks you, you won't be able to put it down. HOURS of entertainment with friends and playing with others online worldwide. Now we get word that Mario Kart 8 is about to get even MORE content and at an amazing price of $11.99 if you buy it up front for preorder you will get the following: Mario Kart 8 Pack 1 Released: November 2014 Pack 1 includes: 3 Characters: Tanooki Mario, Cat Peach, Link 4 Vehicles 8 Courses Mario Kart 8 Pack 2 Released: May 2015 Pack 2 includes: 3 Characters: Villager, Isabelle, Dry Bowser 4 Vehicles 8 Courses Thank you Nintendo for continuing to make quality games that everyone is able to enjoy! Mario Kart 8 is the crown jewel of the Wii U, and it's only going to get better!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"DisneyVillain","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AERF40KNXDQDI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"These are the types of racing games I truly enjoy because of the humor and weapons to slow the other racers down. Now I'm not too big on Mario Kart and mostly played the one on the Nintendo 64. However, the gameplay in this game is even better. Your drifts give slight boosts which you will need in 100CC and 150CC difficulties. The A.I. racers give me the feel like they are determined to win. I didn't even feel like I was even up against A.I.s but actually racers. They will use strategy, they have skill, and they will try to win. The courses are beautiful and some are updates from previous games. I didn't even know there was a Mario Kart game for the Game Boy Advance. The only downside is that I didn't really like how Rainbow Road from the 64 game was redone in this game. I didn't feel as long and didn't feel all that fun. But this game is still amazing and I'll pop it in any day."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Allan Mesen Rodriguez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2VEAKPSP24SGX","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Amazing game. Great online game and now ut came with updates and more tracks ready to come out in noviembre 2014 and may 2015"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Jordan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AOJX3ZVG7AJG5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Super Mario Kart was one of the first games I ever owned, and this franchise has defined racing games for me ever since. MK8 was the first in the franchise that I played since Double Dash, so it was fun to experience all of the new features such as bikes, vehicle customization, gliders, and a slew of new characters. This may be an unpopular opinion, but I actually really miss the ability of mixing and matching characters into teams and using special items depending on my team. Otherwise, this game is just continuing an upwards trajectory of making Mario Kart more and more enjoyable. Multiplayer races with friends over Skype (since I don't have any real friends hahah ;-;) just seal the deal. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys cartoony racers sabotaging each other with themed items. I can't wait for the DLC packs to come; I'm sure this game will just get better!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Timia","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A12NUEEEPZ7GEA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Hate the coins, hate, hate, hate, you can't block ANYTHING with them and I also have a GREAT distaste for the item sequences. If you're in last you should be given things to help you rise to the top right? WRONG! Apparently if you select a block that most people also take a liking to you'll most likely get a coin or a banana, yes a freaking banana! (BE SURE TO SELECT THE BLOCK THAT IS LEAST USED, like an end block!) Although when you're in first you have the risk of getting red shells which is pretty freaking awesome. Did you know that there are TWO rainbow roads and that some of the courses are one big run? It's actually very entertaining! I hope you decide to buy the game; weather you're a new fan or an old fan you're gonna have a good time! PS: Be sure to check out online, it's very fun! Perhaps I'll see you on the road!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"DellScammedMe","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1M08D3BOX1CIC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":".. you'll probably enjoy this. The last Mario Kart I played was decades ago on Super Nintendo back when I was a kid. I bought the Wii U console for this game, hoping that so many years later, as an adult, I would still enjoy it. And I do! Although, when I first loaded it up and played the first few rounds I was not that impressed - even the HD graphics and beautifully done tracks could not trump what was left of my many fond memories playing this game back in the days on super nintendo.. what it lacked in graphics back then, as a kid, one compensated with imagination. BUT the gameplay is just as much fun as it was back then... in fact it becomes increasingly more fun as you learn to master all the drifts and other hidden features that improve your lap times, I am now more hooked than I was when I played the first few days!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"T. Demarco","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1PV0QBXR10Q0Q","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"love the game one down side to me is the battle mode changed and i dont really like the new battle mode."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"J","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3H255LWVZ4G9B","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The graphics are high quality and the intensity of game play is amazing! Online play can often be frustrating when the Nintendo Network kicks you off over and over again. You can play online with random people across the globe or with specific friends, which is nice. The network keeps track of your all-time win-loss record against friends whether you play solely against them or you compete with your friends and other random players. If you take 1st place in a race against a friend, that's a win for you and a loss for your friend. If you take 7th place in a race against random players and your friend takes 9th place, the network still tracks it as a win for you and a loss for your friend. In spite of some of the network's quirks, it's still fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Oyster Pancake","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1SIKA14B99QSU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun game to play especially with friends over!~ The motion controls work great and the way I prefer to play the game! (wayyyyy ahead of Mario Kart Wii's which were close to unusable.) For the main racing portions of the game the graphics are great and the racing is really fun, and it's nice to get a new kart part after every few races you do.~ I've never been a fan of the Battle Mode in Mario Karts (I'll usually test it out 10 minutes and then be done.) so I don't feel like I was cheated on by that not being what people wanted it to be. I did test it out though and would agree it's worse than other Mario Kart's battle mode, but that part of the game being bad doesn't effect me ahaha."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"El Guapo Grande","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A27IVV4BFNMRJJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is both notoriously difficult (I hate you blue shell) and also the center of attention when I have guests over. This is a game I think players should never trade in and keep as a staple in your gaming pantry like you would always have eggs, bread or milk in your food pantry. You can easily lose yourself in this game playing with friend or online with folks from around the world. With the two DLC packs coming out in the next few months you'll get 16 new tracks, which is really awesome, and you'll also get more characters, karts and cups too. It's been a must buy since it launched and is even more so a must buy since the DLC is coming out soon and the price has lowered greatly."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brendan Meany","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A34GFUE2A3XXWD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great family game and the graphics are top notch. My kids and I play it all the time now. My nephews also join us when they are around, plus we even get my partner to play who never plays video games. I have been playing Mario Kart games since the first and this is by far the best in series. They did a much better job fixing the item balance and the rubber band AI has been toned down a lot. The game is still a challenge for veteran MK players and online offers plenty of good people to play. Also note is can be played on just the gamepad without the TV and you can play online with a 2nd person on your console. both of those are great pluses in our household."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ice grizzly \"Grrrrrr\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3F43PAJZLOE3I","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Addictive online racer in the recent history. Every time, I need to end my session to go do other work.. I always think \"one more race and then I will stop\". I see similar thing in the lobby, people say this is my last race and they just keep playing race after race. The game succeeds in so many levels, great physics, flawless 60fps, crisp graphics, child friendly lobby system. lot of variation in tracks and customization. With the newly announced 16 track DLC, this game will have long long legs. If there is one thing to nit-pick it is the balloon fight, wish it was implemented properly. It could have made the game even more epic,"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Nick Heller","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A34FKY3BYZ5RX2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is great. The first HD Mario Kart, great new features, in addition to keeping fan favorite ones. Also, the tracks indicate Nintendo listens to the fans, they remastered several tracks with subtle changes in HD. I give it 4 stars because there are a few issues, a couple will be corrected on the 27th of August. These issues are no on screen map, battle mode is on full sized tracks, you can not have one player use the game pad the screen, and \"Next Race\" is not highlighted by default. The next race issue and map on screen will be fixed on August 27th in addition to 3 Mercedes Benz Karts for use."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Donald A. Shinn","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATI4GZAY97L2R","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this game! It's the first Mario Kart game I've ever played despite being a longtime Nintendo owner. I started out on the 50 CC level and after a few days was breezing past the other racers there and got the three gold stars on every track and then moved on to the 100 CC level. That's more challenging but I've got the three gold stars on most of those tracks and and now I'm starting to play with the 150 CC level. That's much more of a challenge. You really can't make any mistakes there and win. It's a fun game with different levels of challenges and I really enjoy it. I highly recommend it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. D'Orazio","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AIPS41FSMELAC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Met all of my expectations! I love playing it with family and friends. I personally enjoy the balance they brought to the item system with less blue shells and not automatically getting overpowered items if you are further back in the pack. In other words, you won't always benefit from being in 5th, 6th, or even 7th. But I think they got almost everything right. I would have liked to have seen a little more imagination character wise (i'm tired of all of the baby versions of characters). Really enjoy the kart, bike, and atv designs as well. Overall, great game! And the graphics are truly amazing"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Bbt","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATIVK9XUANIUE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is a very fun game but is not a perfect game due to poor Nintendo policies and a rushed, slightly sloppy effort. The major problems here are : -no online voice chat (it's 2014!) -no online stat tracker (can't see total coins) -no rear view mirror -can't play local two player with one person using gamepad screen, must be splitscreen -poor character lineup If you ignore Nintendo's refusal to evolve as a company, this is a really fun Mario Kart game. The new stages are beautiful and the updated racing mechanics are fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gassan Matta","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2CNKFI2JN0FS1","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"My sons love this game, adding the mercedes benz kart just made it even better."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kyle Day","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1NE2KDD0ODZEF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This.Game.Is.Awesome. I have been enjoying my Nintendo WiiU for months now, and thought I was used to the updated graphics and sound. But when I turn on this game and start to play, the updated graphics and sound still blow me away. And on top of that, it's just a fun game. It took the classic things that have made Mario Kart a fun franchise and built on those things to improve the experience even more. And combined with Nintendo's free game download promotion, I couldn't go wrong with this purchase. As long as Nintendo keeps churning out classics like this, I will keep buying."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John R","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ACV96TC2GCQ1A","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game has brought me back to my childhood! I am 27 years old and I bought a Wii U for the sole purpose to play Mario Kart 8. I couldn't be happier with my decision, as the system and game completely rock and do an excellent job of bringing me back to my childhood when I used to play the crap out of Super Mario Kart and Mario Kart 64. The graphics in Mario Kart 8 are awesome, the controls respond well, the game is easy to pick up and play but is challenging enough online or on harder difficulty modes. This game makes for an excellent time with friends. Pick it up!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"MBNuckles","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AM9QO21HEI1CE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The finest Mario Kart game to date, plain and simple. If you like Mario Kart you will like this. If you haven't tried Mario Kart, this is a great time to join. Great controls, graphics, and really solid game play. The ONLY problem is Battle Mode. instead of isolated battlefields, they take place on actual courses from the main game. This gives you TO MUCH room to maneuver and really reduces the frantic game play to desperately searching for other players. Despite that, the main game totally makes up for it in spades, and is deserving 5 stars."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Alexander Levering","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1XXAPTZI9V7YF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent new edition to the mario kart franchise. Addicting. Fun. Does not feel as \"cheap\" in suddenly losing at the last second in some other mario kart games. Reminds me of the days of going into the arcade and playing a racer. Has that same sort of vibe which is fun and nostalgic somehow. Cons - too many lame baby characters that i will never bother using. If i play too often i feel like i know the tracks inside and out almost too well if you know what i mean. Still the replay value remains high and this is one of the best games and a must purchase for the WiiU."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John Steven Lewis","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A337OQY60K9T7X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's Mario Kart. If you've played one, you've played them all. Not a lot of major changes, but they're beneficial nonetheless. For one, online multiplayer is much more stable and enjoyable than MK6 on the Wii. While anti-gravity doesn't revolutionize the Mario Kart franchise, it's a neat little gimmick. As usual, the tracks are varied and fun to play on. My only gripe with the game is the over saturation of baby drivers. I do think the DLC slated for a release this holiday will somewhat solve the problem. Defiantly worth buying at retail."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Christopher Adams \"eConsumer1982\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A10NBSNTIQSK9S","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Having played through this game quite a bit to this point I can safely say this IS the best Mario Kart game to date! Not since Mario Kart 64 have I had such a blast playing a game in this racing franchise. The gameplay is excellent as well as the visuals and the frame rate. The only thing that I would consider changing is the Battle mode courses. I prefer the traditional format to that of using actual race tracks from Grand Prix mode. Despite that this is one game every Wii U owner should have (I would buy a Wii U just for this game)."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mckay jones","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AB6MCG4RNJVBM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best mario kart so far, I'm posting this long after beating the games. 3 star 150cc and everything unlocked. I usually get bored of racing games, but this one kept me hooked, it started with unlocking all the characters, then moved on to unlocking all the karts, wheels and gliders. I highly suggest sitting down with yourself and 3 friends for alot of fun. Or letting young kids hace a go at it. This is my favorite game on the wii u so far, and if you're on the fence about getting one, I really suggest getting a u just for this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gamer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A30OG1XZR91NAF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"What an amazing game this truly is. I love all the new twists they have done with racing underwater, gliding, anti gravity and vehicle customization. All the tracks are very good as well. The only minor complaints I have is it is much harder to get good items in this game, while the computer gets good items the entire game add that with the higher CPU difficulty on 150CC makes it extremely tough to get 3 gold stars on 150 CC. other then that it is an almost perfect game and well worth purchasing a Wii U for this game alone!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jim","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1XXH7CZNSVGRZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Followed the MKart series since childhood and this one doesn't disappoint. Controls are great, the tracks are fun and the larger number of racers make things more chaotic. The online so far has been fantastic, even on the wii u's wireless. Matchmaking is also quite good at pairing you with others around your bracket. Gamepad can be used either to show the placing/powerups of other racers, or as the main screen. Amazon has this game for a great price. Pick it up ASAP to take advantage of the free EShop game promo!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Baer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2LTEAUTDYHS85","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Our family has been fans of this series -- some of us longer than the others -- and this iteration is a nice progression along the path. Some of the tracks take some getting used to -- driving on the walls is interesting. There have been some \"tweaks\" to the way the games are played, but overall, I think they are positive. I've only played the 50cc Grand Prix thus far, so I don't know if the difficulty has increased or remained the same overall. The computer drivers seem to be a little more intelligent."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"shibataken","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A9KYAZO3DLMS5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome addition to the series. My favorite mario kart of all time is Double Dash but this game has beautifully updated graphics and fun online play. Some small things that may be off-putting to buyers is that two player split screen is always portrait view, some characters are repetitive like 5+ baby versions of the characters, and the interface in game does not show a mini map anymore. BUT blue shell can be countered with the new horn item so less friendships are now ruined because of this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"marc dorvilias","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A25EJHKFMGDV27","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Disappointed to say the least. I've came from Mario kart n64 to double dash the glory Mario kart days. Mario kart 7/8 are very Simalar except Mario kart 8 fixed the flaws from 7. With that being said the gameplay isn't what I expected. Feels easy the items suck and the maps are disappointing. Theres always Dlc (that's coming soon) but as for the the game it self it's nothing special. I still play it every day cause there's no other games on the wiiU that interest me. Just waiting for smash"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"phishen","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3NDQHYNR01U4D","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"First of all this game is beautiful. I usually lean more towards gameplay and content than fancy graphics, but the look and feel of this game definitely plays a role in the appeal. Also, this game seems much more action packed than previous Mario Kart games which makes me really feel challenged. Kind of a welcome change for this series. The music is excellent and catchy, and the selection of old tracks are nostalgic. I bought a WiiU for this game and I think I made the right choice!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"fishie20","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2PC2KUFA1SEJQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart, must I say more? I won't review the game here, as you can find tons of reviews. I very much enjoy all Mario Kart games, and this one does not disappoint at all. We have had hours of fun playing this, and our friends can easily pick up the game and we all have a blast playing. Also they are coming out with new maps and characters, two packs of 8 maps and 4 characters each. I think $12 for both packs if you pre-order it. I bet you can guess what we did :-)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brian Etheridge \"brianakabigb\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AIK2DPXK9K97Z","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game on a great system! If this is your first venture into the world of Mario Kart, you will not be let down. In usual Mario Kart fashion you get new tracks, great old tracks, and lots of ways to customize your kart. This game does a good job of utilizing the Wii U screen as opposed to some games which just show whatever is on the big screen there. You shouldn't hesitate to purchase the premiere game on the Wii U, enjoy! *LUIGI DEATH STARE*"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Katarina_Kiki","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A24GX32VYK03BE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mariokart 8 is a great game! First of all, the graphics are beautiful. There's ton of detail squeezed into every stage. Also, this game has a lot to do. You can unlock new Karts, Gliders, and Tires, and connect with other people and race them! One of the best things about it is how great a party game it is. It's fun to play for everyone, because the game favors bad players, giving them great power ups. I strongly recommend this for anyone who has a Wii U!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. L. Messina \"TOPCAT\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A31GC7FRSZU8BB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Others have written it best, great tracks, graphics, and tricks. Downsides: no more automatic, only drift, blue shell even more annoying and frustrating, as now it can knock you off the track on its way to first place driver, bikes don't do wheelies anymore, and you can't hold an item behind you for protection and to pick up another item. At least they got rid of the cloud. The Battle mode is horrible. But the racing part is worth the admission."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Abe \"Abe\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1WUZAHUQT3JVF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is a must have for any Wii U owner. The game is fun and the online play is great. You do not even need a television screen to race. You can race by yourself and use your wii u gamepad as a screen. The controls are great. My only issue is that the game case is red while most wii u game cases are blue. The only other red game case I can think of at this time is Super Mario 3D World and this only applies to select copies."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jeremy Cavner","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AOLSYQE3MILB1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I've played pretty much all console versions since the original SNES game. This is the best, and it's also in HD, which makes it beautiful! The courses are fun plus the graphics and music are great. No battle courses, though. You play battle mode on regular race courses. Against a track full of racers (CPU player to fill the track). That's different. At first I thought that would be a big let down, but it's still kind of fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kate's kids \"mom of 6\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2AEZ3ZSWG2R3D","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Who does not love MarioKart? This is a great version. The kids love all the different options, and enjoy having to work towards unlocking new karts and features. It took about a week or two for them to unlock most everything, but the replay value of this game lasts so much longer than any other game we own since it's always different when you have a group to play with. This was a must buy for our family. We love the graphics."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jake Gatterer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2RTP5CLSP1LT9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"You want to play Mario Kart? You want to play Mario Kart! Lets face it, If you have a WiiU, you will have this game, and thats not a bad thing, it's really good! They patched it recently to fix some \"bugs\" that really helped it along. Honestly I was a tad skeptical when I first picked it up, but this is the best iteration of the prolific series yet. Go and play this at a friends house and TRY to not want it, I dare you."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"happy customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1E6I920H68USE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"MK 7 was awesome so I naturally wanted MK8. The newer graphics are great and the anti gravity vehicles and air borne capabilities really add to gameplay. I don't see where MK8 is a profound improvement over 7 but like I said...I thought 7 was great! To me, the gamepad control is easier than the traditional motion controllers so I'm still getting used to that but all in all, a definite positive addition to the WIIU collection."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. M. ODonnell","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A57SGIIML90E9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love Mario Kart, I've loved it since I was younger. I've played many Mario Kart games from the old N64 to this new Mario Kart. I love this new version and I love the new karts that you can customize to your personal preference. My nephew and I have spend many an hour playing this game and arguing about who won and who had the best kart. Its a great family oriented game for the Wii U and a great addition as well."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Mark","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1TWJ3J01RJT55","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I haven't played as much as I had hope so far, but am impressed with the game to this point. I just wish Nintendo would release more than one game in a series per system. I'm sure the next Mario Kart will be just as entertaining, but wont be released until a new Nintendo system comes out. The only games I really get into are Mario games so having to buy a new system to get a new Super Mario or Mario Kart sucks."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"dgoodloe","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A306GAWO5F8RXR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I like the game but if you are not a veteran of Nintendo, you need to be able to see the back of the game before purchasing it. I played this game with the gamepad that game in the Deluxe set and it is not easy. You need a steering wheel. When you buy things they disappoint me when after you get it, you find out that in order to have fun, you have to purchase something else or just make out with what you have."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mikey","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3QVC0TOLBMDHQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"What a fantastic way to celebrate Mario Kart's first HD outing! With beautiful graphics, incredible details and that classing Nintendo charm that we all know and love, this is THE Mario Kart game to own. Even the DLC is just icing on the cake for only $11.99. Tight controls, gorgeous visuals and the tried and true -- but also refined -- Mario Kart formula is here, ready to produce hours and hours of fun. GET IT!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James Schwartz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ANIZF5GBV6DJ8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game! Fun, enjoyable, it is defiantly a family or friends game. I bought this game to play with my friends because we grew up with mario kart and more so 8 is just a great addition to the collection! Fun maps, could use new characters, but that will be coming in the new DLC in November and March (however, sold separately $7.99 a piece or $11.99 together.)! The borers are very fun and new vehicles are fun!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"COMICFAN \"COMICFAN\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1JIOGUM7AW3GL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game, as I said in my review for JEOPARDY WII U, \"I love that you can use the gamepad, rather than the TV to play.\" Plus, plenty of cool stuff waiting to be unlocked keeps the game interesting, at least IMO, you can also unlock the Koopalings as playable characters, and I know I'm probably going to get a lot of hate for saying this, but I definitely loved it more than SUPER MARIO WORLD 3D."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"bluedruid \"bluedruid\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A13QTUX9ZW6ROD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I feel like it's the 90s again and I'm playing super Nintendo with my brother. I feel this is a definite improvement over the last game in the series. I'm not too sure about the bikes added in earlier, but luckily the karts can keep up. You can use any controllers and the online play is easy. Loads of fun. I even get my wife to play with me sometimes. Oh, and it's good for kids too I guess.."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Michel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A31P3ENID1GN2Z","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Real Fun and modern, you and your kids will love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"PoofWizard \"=w=\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CBS5MWPT50SM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The latest chapter in the Mario Cart series. HD graphics makes this a must buy for Cart fans. As a PC/Xbox gamer, I am glad to be able to \"drive\" using the pro controller as opposed to steering using the Wii Controller ... though my son tells me that you can do either. I really do not like playing my son's Wii, but this is a game i can get on board with. Family fun time!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"LetsBoogieDown","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A26OFO70WFGOXE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love this game! Used to play super mariokart for SNES when I was a young boy. Didn't have another game system until now... And this does not disappoint! They have not overcomplicated this legend of a game. Felt right at home, almost 25 years later. It has a wonderful arcade feel to it. Love sharing this with my 2 sons now. If you liked the original mariokart, this is a no-brainer."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A205T7GGO43QVY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This racing kart game looks fabulous. And it's fun to boot! A great game to play with the whole family, or online, or solo. They've improved the motion controls from Mario kart Wii, but you can play with the main controller, or a pro controller, or a GameCube controller. Customizable replays are great. Downloadable content is coming and it's a fantastic deal as well."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cath","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1T2EPYNIJYIX9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I bought this for my little sister as a birthday present (she turned 8). She and my other two little sisters, one a few years younger and one a few years older, loved it. I love it too because it's true to its E rating - appropriate and fun for everyone. I shopped around before buying it and this was the best deal and it was eligible for free 2 day shipping, YAY!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Toolbox","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1AJAQLNJZMEHV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The last Mario Kart game I played was Mario Kart 64. So far, I've had a blast with this one. The game is fluid and quick, not very many \"gimmicks,\" and it's great for groups. Online play works decently well. My only complaint is that battle mode confusingly takes place on racing tracks, which doesn't seem to make a lot of sense. Otherwise, fantastic game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"atl-reviewer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A19GNGM590FQAL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Greatest racing game of all time. Hands down. It is intuitive enough where my 4 year old can play with me (and actually finish a race), but challenging enough where it takes a long time to actually master. All the fun we have grown to know and love from the Mario Kart series. This is the best installment yet. Reason enough to buy a Wii U alone is this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ben C4","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1Y5GEEX40SA19","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Try playing this game online. You won't win all the time but you will get hooked. Awesome tracks, fast paced action, and great replay value. There are a lot of unlockable characters, vehicles, and races. Like I mentioned earlier, online play is exciting. The only other game I enjoyed playing online this much was Call Of Duty Black Ops. I highly recommend it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Andrew","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQWDA3DLX7Z5P","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's the latest Mario Kart game. Lots of new characters and tracks, with the same gameplay you know you'll love. Unfortunately I can't give it 5 out of 5 stars due to the terrible battle mode, which has waaaay too much going on with 12 characters on each map and the maps themselves being racetracks. That makes it hard to find anyone or play with friends."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"BlastTyrant","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2XYVESFN2EG35","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game rocks so hard. To be clear, I am only giving it 4 stars because BATTLE MODE is completely broken and useless. The rest of the game is beautiful though, and has some of the best replay value ever, as it never gets old racing your friends. This game deserves all the credit it gets, but it's 4/5 until they give us real battle arenas again."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"whiplash50","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2F4UEJY5JHNEG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Having played this iteration of Mario Kart, it's hard to go back and play any of the others. This is a blast to play, the graphics are amazing, and the item and AI balance seems great to me. The only thing I would wish for is an extras menu, where you could track statistics of coins you've collected, shells you've thrown, etc. Maybe some sort of unlockable challenge system, where you win stamps or trophies or something for, say, winning a race without using an item in Grand Prix. Something like that. Anyway, still a great game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Edward Zlatsen","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ACGFET6Q6J34U","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The underwater parts are novel but very lackluster. They could have done more but there's nothing too special or fun about them. But the overall game is good. Tracks are fun, graphics look good, online play is seamless which is huge. No phase shifting, lag, missed frames, it's perfect online play which is the best part, playing against other people"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Matt F","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3M4JXRY4RH34X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario Kart yet??"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jorge Azofeifa Castillo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29Q9YSQY0WM3Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Amazing! It loos amazing, beautiful to play and entertaining as always. Love it :)"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kyle Cruz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AMO61VRBSXGW3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is what gaming is all about. Countless hours of fun with friends and family or by yourself."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Anthony W.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1NKU9QIIBDUKZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is not only the best Mario Kart entry, but also the best game on Wii U. The game plays amazingly well and looks gorgeous in HD. Do yourself a favor and pick this game up if you have a Wii U. You will not regret it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"YENNY CAROLINA BELTRAN MENDOZA","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7DGO7ED6E8V8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Wonderful!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"B. Gardner","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1BL382R3P1YU4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I though it might get boring fast since it is \"just\" another mario kart, but it has been a lot of fun. I do miss the battle arenas from the older mario karts. Battle mode isn't as much fun on a regular track."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Omnipotent75","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQ1C9JLJCN7VO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Infuriatingly awesome game! My teenage daughter and I both love (and hate) this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"William Deniston","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1IBHIJG0V32YS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a really fun game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mars","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ACDDLJYCS05L4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Is a amazing game with beautyful graphics."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Camille E Daley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A18OAFCYJ33PR8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Loved this game!!!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Timezones","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2OG15A4MYPGLS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This could be the only game I ever own for the Wii-U, and it would still be worth it. If you're on the fence about taking the plunge, go buy a $200 refurbished system from Nintendo, then scoop up Mario Kart 8 while the free game promotion is still going on. The HD graphics are beautiful, and it's almost impossible to peel yourself away from an online session. I can't count imagine how much sleep I've lost from staying up too late - whipping around Moo Moo Meadows. Buy this. You won't regret it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joel Glastetter \"sillycar\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AB60EGJD02D64","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you've ever liked a Mario Kart game before, this one will not dissapoint! There are some new features like driving on walls and such, but at its core, this is a Mario Kart game through and through. What does that mean? Great controls, great multiplayer competition, awesome tracks with hidden shortcuts, multiple characters and vehicles to choose from (more than ever on this one I think) and for the first time, High Def Graphics! What's not to like about this game? The only thing I don't like is that when I play online games against real players from around the world (for the first time for me) I get my butt whooped a lot and that's a bit frustrating to a guy who has been a Mario Kart aficionado since the original on the SNES... And it's very hard for me to get a race set up with the custom rules I want. People don't seem to want to join with no items and pure racing... Not the games fault though. I Love Love Love this game! You will too."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lacey Phelps","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A18SK5U3UA3329","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"We have two boys ages 3 and 5 and this game is easy for even them. We love being able to play and do something as a family on rainy and or cold days when we just want to lounge around the house. This was a great Fathers Day gift for my husband."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Eric Teuschler","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2RR1W6MTP1URZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My son loves this game and it arrived on time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"UnSh","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A25MUFF3DFJ2D8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Perfect for home party."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mikel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2GKU7ZS8DIIG7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I've played all the mario karts on the main consoles (SNES, N64, Wii/Wii U) and love everyone of them! The game maintains its ability to hold onto all the fun and mechanics. The main thing i love about this version is that it has upgraded a few tracks from some of the older generation mario karts. The balance seems pretty smooth so far, not like some of the rediculous cheating it did back in the 64 days, lol. This game deserves a spot on the shelf for your home collection!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel Garcia","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2X1WGZ7H07BXN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Got what i wanted"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joshua Young","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2R4F2XIO0A4OV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rene C.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1DNXZJD1CPUAG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Super fun!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mary G. Kemper","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AP78O8EYCSQRE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Service was great. A present for my grandaughter later this month."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Frank Curley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2Z80Q127S64HA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"purchased for my grandson, made his day, week everything"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"JuanGrande386","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A313P6JGZIMS6S","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Probably the best Wii U game yet. Fun single player (although its really frustrating at times! Like when youre trying to 3 star all the races and you get hit with 5 items right before you win!!!), fun multiplayer with others in the same room, and so far the best online Mario Kart. Hoping Nintendo releases new Karts, Characters, and Levels for download in the future."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rhinoroe","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A972RDHIUTWNH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The best Nintendo has to offer. This game is amazing for the whole family!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Eugenio Cedeno","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A13JU3GYU6TFWZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"BEST. COMPETITIVE. GAME. EVER."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UC2E0EBHLR10","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Lots of fun, keeps the kids busy. Much harder than the original version."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"jw","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AXAX8ZFMAOV5V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Exactly what I expected."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kindle Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AOMGNG8UXS160","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My favorite racing game! The graphics are absolutely stunning, the cars are cool and the characters are so fun! The new features are awesome and makes the game 10x better. I would recommend this to any Mario or racing fan. This game is a little tough for kids who haven't played many racing games, but with practice comes improvement. Mario Kart 8 is also great for adults...the online racing is awesome and adds a whole new element to racing."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"BeeKay","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AW06XFF6LQ8I2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Yes, it's Mario Kart for the Wii U! Great graphics and game play. If you're a Mario Kart fan you will definitely love this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"David Rowell \"Kenfolk\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AL6BBQ6E0V098","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is insanely fun. Fast maps, fun items, and multiplayer! The multiplayer is my favorite part of this game. There are always people to play and it is seamless, with no lag. I have an issue with the gameplay, though not enough to take away any stars. If you have an item like 3 green shells and a kart rams you, the kart doesn't get damaged by the shells like it did in previous games. Also if you get a banana and drag it behind you, you can't hit a question box and get another item until you deploy it. (This feature may not be that new, while I've played Mario Kart 3DS and Mario Kart Wii I can only remember Mario Kart 64)."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel T. \"Dan The Man\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MA3ST1U8MMJT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is fun as hell. My daughter loves it too!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"brian nickerson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15WYHQAGIBU3V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"#swag"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Frugal Student \"Connoisseur of Value\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39UHYYR6V0MA2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fantastic game! Playing on the 150cc mode really shows how great this game was designed. The gameplay style, cartoony mischief, and overall replayability of the game makes it worthwhile indefinitely. I highly recommend this for anyone looking to play multiplayer and just have fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AM3I2BZZS9WUY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great addition to the mario kart franchise. It's design is beautiful! And the new anti-gravity is a fun idea. All the new levels are great and their are 16 levels from the older installments that are just beautifully redone! This is a great game for any family/group of friends."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Trina","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A109ORALRL16KR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario Kart yet! I love the new and updated tracks. It's great that you recover from falls very quickly, and there are new little twists to the game. We have so much fun!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Chris Pepin \"The Hat Man\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A33S85GJHB6U7B","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"One of the best Mario Kart games yet."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Christopher Lamke","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A27T6I71Q5YPEI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My kids have been playing this every day for two weeks straight, ever since it arrived from Amazon. Their friends love it too. I have two 13 year old sons and a 17 year old daughter and they all think it's the best Mario Kart ever."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3NCRF6P3567H3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"kids and i love it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ryan smith","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1BXBGP9LZ761H","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love this game!!! Wii u - TookieTM"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A225S5S3TY70KP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love this game. Playing this game by myself is ok but lots more fun in multiplayer."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rosali","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BSTRGUH58253","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent game, my son loved it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"TJ & Ashley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SWBM8GRQUNFP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game has won several accolades from several major gaming publications, and it's easy to see why. Let's start with the obvious:The game is gorgeous. As in drop dead. The game blazes by with 60fps with particles and shadows and insanely minute details without breaking a sweat. The 60fps maintains when playing two-player split screen as well, although it drops down to 30fps when three or more people are playing (it still looks great). The music is all fully orchestrated, bringing the lively, sometimes forboding but always charming Mario style blaring through with sonic brilliance. The tracks are masterfully designed, with a mix of 16 new and 16 classic tracks. I did find myself favoring the newer tracks, as it seems that Nintendo went completely nuts with track design this time around. The new hover feature is a welcome change, and is completely un-obtrusive. You'll seamlessly go from four wheels planted firmly on the asphalt to the tires tucking below the carriage Back to the Future-style without missing a beat. There is a ton of replay value to be had here with a myriad of racers, carts, tires and gliders to choose from. I cannot recommend this game highly enough. However, I must warn you: MarioKart can turn the best of friends into the most bitter of enemies with the toss of one blue shell."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Susan Y.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1GB3MZTAH9GT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Purchased as a gift as requested by recipient. He seemed to be satisfied with it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Sky \"Medicine Man\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AEH52JVLQL0EL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game may make you feel like the most badass king of the world, but it may cause you to need blood pressure medication if you're not careful. The utter joy and fun is only matched by the incredible frustration of getting shelled out of a sure victory last moment. I have friends that purchased a WiiU just for this game and they've told me they don't regret it at all. Online play isn't perfect, but for Nintendo it's probably better than anything they've done so far. This game controls as well as it looks-- and it's a totally gorgeous experience from start to finish. There are tons of tracks and a very large character list-- even if some of them are a little redundant (mario, metal mario, baby mario, etc)-- which is unlocked as you play (and win) more. It's a game that can be appreciated and enjoyed by people who usually don't play video games as well as experienced gamers thanks to its variety of difficulty/speed settings, and the intuitive controls that many Nintendo games have. At first I was upset that there was no voice chat during races, but now I know that it's probably a good thing, as it would likely be filled with cursing from frustrated gamers (myself included) when things aren't going well for them/us in races. As it is, I worry that the neighbors might call the cops when the gaming heats up in my place! The big gripe I have is that it's still a bit more complicated than it needs to be to meet with friends and get gaming. Currently I make a phone call to friends and we orchestrate who will create the lobby room for us to play out of, etc as that seems to be the most practical way to do this and it would be much better if there was a way to \"call\" them from within the WiiU itself instead of sending messages equal to an email. For as good as this game is, it still serves as yet another reminder that Nintendo is either paranoid or simply out of touch with the way that online gaming should work, but it's still a step in the right direction."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Elizabeth Glass","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3I9WJRH7QFL87","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"cc","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1QH4BP19P88IO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Wow, this is a fun game. i thought i would try it out for a few minutes while i was alone....ended up playing for a few hours!! great game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"M. Salem","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1HVNVUF1ASC1A","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The best game on the Wii u currently , and you also get to choose a free game if you buy it before 31 July 2014 , great deal."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"K. Phillips \"sweetyk\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CA9IF63C9H2W","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best game ever! I remember fondly the days of playing Mario Kart 64 and beating my younger brother. Now I get to play with my kids! Problem is I am now the \"old lady\" that doesn't know how to play these \"modern\" games and my kids beat ME! They beat my husband too who was a Mario Kart 64 pro as a kid! We love this game but can't help but die a little inside when our kids win. A few random complaints that I can live with cause, come on, it's Mario Kart! In the 64 version you could get an item, hold the item, then get a new item. You can not do this in this version. You have to USE the item to get a new one. In the Wii version when you would get hit you would lose your item, in this version you keep your item. Battle: The battles aren't held in arenas like on the 64 version. They are on regular race tracks from the Grand Prix modified for battle. Because of this Moo Moo Meadows is the closest you get to an \"arena\". If you haven't purchased this game DO IT! If you are like me and you played the 64 version and are wanting to experience the fun with your kids but are worried about losing.....don't fret, losing a bit of your pride is so worth the fun you will have with your kids!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"cooj0014","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1TT1DG2Q36JND","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario yet. This is coming from someone who has had every game from this series."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Connie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AWFW1QW42PG0N","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This classic game is transformed in the Wii U console. The graphics are clear and crisp, the courses of the game really take you for a spin. You feel yourself flying thorugh the courses while you play. The split screens are small but all the players are able to see the game clearly enough for a greaat night of fun competition! The kart TV replay are a hit as well expecially after a great run where you get to see who dished out those red koopas and stole 1st place from you! Great replayability. Definitly a must for mario fans everywhere!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Marie Dube","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1VNXNCZNOYJN6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario made so far. Love the special effects!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"kyle kurtz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3IJ9NR6YLU49K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is magic. From the moment you boot it up, you'll be in awe of the visuals. The gameplay does a great job of easing you in to the new additions, and the antigravity feature isn't exactly revolutionary, but it is fun. Overall, Mario Kart 8 sin't an evolution of the series, but it's the best produced so far and gives the Wii U a must buy game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Robert Shelnutt","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LSHXDIZ4U8AC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart is an amazing game, and the tracks and customization are wonderful but all the classic tracks they brought back may just be the best part"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"soohyun","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1QO5J7QHNDHZG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"interesting, good delivery"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ryan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3KTZWSFCV99N0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart is one of the best that just keeps getting better with each new system. All of the familiars are here plus a few new surprises. Highly recommended for all ages (5+)."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pere Atets","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2C8KWC3865OTJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have liked all the Mario Kart games but this is my favorite. My kids (5 & 7) also love it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"sandro hades","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A14MO3J6H15ED1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"awesome game ,perfect"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Anthony","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2A2VW7FIP92L","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The computer players are still cheap, but it's every bit as good as you'd expect it to be. I've purchased all the versions back to the SNES and it's still one of my favorite series...still great fun with my friends and the kids are old enough to play it, now, too!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"M3M0","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2NIUAROUG07GY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game for everybody! It is only lacking in the battle mode but the graphics, music, track design and local/online racing multiplayer are awesome. A great game for any Wii U owner and another reason to buy one!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"L. Harris","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15V78JD74NSS0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have a very happy boy in my home."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Owen","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A30R0YWR10FKZO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is my favorite Mario Kart game in the series. The new courses, characters and multiplayer fun tops every Mario Kart game to date."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gerolamo A. Zanchi de la Cruz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FQW7OP95DP9K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best mario kart ever"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Brinkman","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3NWB4ZPNXSG2Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My kids love it. Graphics are stellar."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"K Amazon C","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3P5YES28DWEKG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Amazing game, lot of replay value, and ton of options to choose from while chosing single player, multiplayer or time trial mode. There was nothing I really dislike about it, and this is coming from someone who doesn't usually play racing games."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"linda l.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A28YIP40UML999","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Was a gift for grandson. He loved it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jake Sokol \"Jake\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WKZ1SCIX18PV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Morgan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MU8D9E6BXKGO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's Mario Kart, chances are you've played previous iterations of this classic franchise, yet if for some reason you haven't Mario Kart 8 is an eccentric kart racer filled with chaotic action and close calls. Game truly shines playing online or with friends. Must have title for WiiU owners."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Edward F. Gillum","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1IR52BLV1SHJZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The ten year old absolutely love this new game. It lives up to all the reviews as being the best of the Mario games. My grandson agrees that it is great. I even played it a little and find it a lot of fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Roxana Lukoski","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1GEIMZMXD2A1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Simply excellent!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Theresa Cook","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3UGE4HBAWL95P","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sam Hewitt","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AO6YTR0BHX1J5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"What a great game. Has kept me and my friends entertained for many hours. Best MK since MK64"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"N. L. Nagel \"sgtnate79\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AC04Y8X78O6NQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is more fun than you can shake a Wii-remote at. My daughter, wife, and I can all enjoy this game equally. The gameplay is simple and intuitive as is the controls. I like that you can control with a joystick or physical-tilt. The graphics are outstanding and very impactful. It is definitely more fun in a group but can be enjoyed alone as well. In short, I love this game and would highly recommend it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"C. White","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1D7BPKPQWR1ST","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Stellar work - only from Nintendo!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Christine Hanes","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3VDBZEOSEC4YO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My 6 year old is a huge fan of this game, as is my husband. It's perfect for all ages & really added some new entertainment, versus just being a remake of the older versions."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gabriel Suarez \"rat monkey\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A26EA3LW835LVV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The entire family has truly enjoyed playing this game. The graphics are excellent and gameplay is smooth."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cr0m","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2VBLTEI9H0F9K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome racing game! Nice evolution of a great Nintendo game. Like that the price is already down on Amazon from release price of $60!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Shawn Kummrow \"Beer is proof God loves us and...","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3TTZ9LU4L1CUQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game for the whole family. The new features only make this game better than the last one. We love the online action as well. Humans play much differently than the computer racers. :)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"sara lewis","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A20LS6L3O99LI8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Thank You! ^_^"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Queen Goofy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A9BK7I4GJ9T9G","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Just like the regular Wii version fun fun fun.. with new boards some old boards from the Wii game with some twists... you fly and swim in this. My son and I have major fun with this game!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"C Moss","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2SPUNKFQGPH9V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game. Spent the evening playing all the levels and this is definitely an homage to the game I loved growing up, but so much more! New characters, new levels, and some of the same levels you once loved only much harder then before. Thought Rainbow Road was hard with the original? This one is 1000x's harder!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A101JMMLX8K4NY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario Kart game since Mario Kart 64. All of the crap they had with Mario Kart Wii (think of how unfair some of those races were), are fixed. Its MUCH more balanced, the visuals are STUNNING, and its a beautiful game. This, along with Super Mario 3D World, are reason enough to buy a Wii U. With all the great games coming out, and the great games that have already been released, Mario Kart 8 adds to the fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"toxicblyss","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AOQFXCTO3G1ZP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Arrived in great condition."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Happy!","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2V922XV76E1WC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is amazing. The tracks are expertly crafted, the items are perfectly balanced, and the characters are animated with care. The mechanics are changed up just enough to retain the Mario Kart feel. Anti-Gravity mechanics add to the strategy of the game as a whole, and the drifting has a new feel to it. The anti-gravity also adds to the overall track innovation by giving the developers much more to work with in terms of design. I have a moderately slow internet connection, but online play was seamless regardless. There was little-to-no lag when I was playing online, and the ranking system is very good and intuitive. If you buy this game, you will NOT be disappointed."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dyron Villalobos","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15DSDXS2YW9V4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's the best Mario Kart ever... the only thing that does not exceed my expectations is the Battle Mode."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Adam Alden","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1V8OOSTFDJGUJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love it! Very entertaining and challenging."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"german","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39Y85O8GMJ9DB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best racing game ever"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Chris J. Wilson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AA89J8O7112YH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I seriously think this may be the most fun I have ever had playing a video game ----- at the least the most fun on a newer system------ I think this is the best title on the WII U --- and I look forward to new titles coming out----- I think it is not quite as fun as mario kart 64--- but the game is way deeper in skill--- as well as has amazing graphics--- and the most innovative level design I have ever seen----- if you have a Wii U or even if you don't you need to buy this game--- it is a Classic and epicly amazing in every way----"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Matthew B","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3W2HS2DR8KJR4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The best mario kart ever has been produced and let it be known that mario kart is mario kart 8. Entertaining tracks, karts, and characters my only complaint is the multi player battles which now are not so great because gone are the battle arenas and now you battle on actual track, with that being said they are still very fun. This game will provide hours of entertainment and dare I saw it is worth buying a wii u just for this game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Francisco","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FH5WBLKNDNOK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"very cool"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Nicole McLemore","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZKZ34ARHPRH5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"so many new fun tracks, cars and characters!! we have been playing this off and on it really doesn't get boring"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"melissa jones","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A42LR7RL6BBA1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love it! Great Game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Logan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1CYLAHUIXB0XT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's Mario Kart, fun for all ages the graphics are beautiful, tons of characters and unlocks. Fast paced and so good its selling more wii u consoles."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"CARNEL","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A309H99C4PSXKC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My son loved this game! He had all his friends over to play. They were entertained for hours! He said he gives it a 5 star rating."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Melissa Bernard","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ANKCM346FMZZD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a very beautiful game and quite fun, like every other Mariokart game. The only thing I don't really like about it is while in 2 player mode, the screen is split down the center vertically which makes it really difficult to see the track. It seems like it would've made a lot more sense to split the screen horizontally so you could see all around. I'm not sure if there's maybe an option to switch? I enjoy the slow motion replays too. It's a good game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pen Name","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2PNE6MXGOWNHM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game both looks good and plays great! The only thing I would have liked more would have been character variety."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jose Miguel Osornio","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3EPRRE9NKOMK1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I can recommend this product it is amazing, i really like this product, i think i have all the mariokart for large cnsoles"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Chris Suire","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATL3WTKFUOPQY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Feels like all the other Mario kart games...better than the last one, but none have been as good as the original SNES version."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Anh H. McLean","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZ1BD1D849PLL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game and it is absolutely bueatiful graphically. My only didlike was the change from arena style battle mode to the race track version. I highly recommend this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mac Pro","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1OSUD94U4LH5W","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great new age iteration on an old Nintendo classic. You can play this game for hours by yourself or have even more fun by playing with others, great job by Nintendo"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John Blair","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AATJATBTZMVNN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"So, you know the drill - a few new weapons, karts go upside down, all the vehicles and customization from Mario Kart Wii and 7...I'm sure it's fun, but it's sounding a bit like a rehash, right? On some level, it is, but this is like that perfect burger - you know the one, the one where no matter how many you've eaten, and the fact that they're all basically the same thing, had you saying \"whoa\" like Keanu in the Matrix. The amount of polish Nintendo has put into this thing is astounding, even by Nintendo standards. The graphics look fantastic, especially in 60fps - Nintendo is continuing the super-saturated neon look they used to great success in Super Mario 3D World, but of particular note here is the animations: you've seen Luigi's death stare, but all the characters sport little details that really help to bring them to life...you're going to have a favorite driver, and you're going to get attached to them, which makes winning that much sweeter (and losing that much more painful). The tracks are almost characters themselves here - the aforementioned details are all over the place, from the pack of Yoshis cheering you on at Yoshi's Valley, to the birds hanging out on the track at Royal Raceway. There's 32 tracks, and while only half of them are \"new\", that's kind of disingenuous - the old tracks have been outfitted with all kinds of bells and whistles - antigravity sections, jumps, you name it. The new tracks are a joy to play, with just the right mix of shortcuts, features, and opportune places to ruin someone's day with a red shell. Speaking of ruining days, Nintendo's online features give you the ability to ruin (and be ruined) by people all over the globe - matchmaking works fairly well, and the play it buttery smooth...no lag, which is so crucial in a twitch racing game. Not having speech/free-form text is a bummer here - you're limited to canned responses like \"Good Game!\", but it's honestly preferable to dealing with a bunch of jocks hurling racial slurs playing Halo. If you can, though, this is couch multiplayer at its finest - get your friends together, and get ready for an awesome time. With the number of controllers WiiU is packing, you can have tilt controls with the remote for those that prefer it, and sticks for the pros via (the appropriately named) WiiU Pro Controller. Only complaint here is that the framerate and graphics take a hit. So, have a WiiU? An almost required purchase - if you have friends to play with, this is couch multiplayer perfected, and if not, the online features are enough to keep you karting for months to come. Don't have a WiiU? This might be what pushes you over the edge."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Josh Robbins","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATBLQCFININED","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My six year old has an easier time playing MK8 on Wii U than she had playing MK Wii. With the large Wii U controller she can use the joystick to steer instead of relying on the Wii remote's shaky turning. All in all a lot of fun, I wish we could each use our own profiles while racing though, instead of everyone only racing on one person's Wii U profile..."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"CatsCatsCats","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A11GYT7GAHGEPT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you're a fan of the Mario Kart series, you'll love this game! Basically, Mario Kart 8 is a compilation of all the previous games in the series, with a strong semblance to Mario Kart 7 (for the 3DS). The controls are in the the same, solid format as they've always been in (but a horn had been added, which is a cute touch!) it's also easier to interact with players (as you're given a set of pre-installed phrases), it's not much, but better than nothing! There are many more characters to unlock (like some of the classic baddies), new items (like the boomerang flower), and multiple new ways to customize your kart! I don't want to say too much, as I don't want to spoil anything, but if you're looking for a good, family-fun racing game, give this a go! ------------------- Update- 07/30/14 After playing this game for a while, I've noticed (when compared with the previous installments), this game is particularly easy to beat. My sister and I had so much trouble with MK wii, and it was a good challenge, but this game just seems TOO easy. We've unlocked all the characters, and all the car parts, but unlike the other games, they don't seem to effect the speed or maneuverability of the kart your racing (which I liked in the other installments). Oh, and this is a big one with us, the battle mode! not only are we stuck with balloon battles, they're no longer held in an arena, you are placed on a shortened version of the racing tracks, and it's pretty much impossible to find any of your rival players. If you're hit 3 times, you \"die,\" permanently, where in the other games, you just lose a point and are able to get back into the game. There are only 8 tracks to \"battle\" on, where the previous installments had more (new and old). I recently read an article published by Nintendo saying that the new battle design was supposed to elicit \"surprise,\" where players don't know when they're going to be hit or chased. In reality everyone is circling the same path, not hitting each other, because it's too difficult, or they're laying in wait for someone to drive by, only for everyone else to by waiting as well. I suppose, all in all, if you're new to the series, you may really like this game, but if you're familiar in any aspect, you're probably going to be a tad disappointed."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"SSH","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AW2AFG9SYM6ZZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Nintendo comes through again with this new release. Adding plenty of twists, Nintendo delivers on interesting and enjoyable races--with newly modified tracks to all-new ones. Mario Kart 8 is a new family favorite!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dallas Grantham","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A37PMCCEBEKPYK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is perfect. There are already so many great reviews, don't bother reading mine. It's providing so much fun for me and my friends and I can't wait to see what kind of DLC they push out for it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jesse Clah","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2HU9Y9WGU9LMM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Its one of the best racing games out there. Multiplayer is great and satisfying as well as online play. My only con for it is battle mode which is very lacking in content."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dustin Hardy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3QNI2R3TJA022","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Loved Mario Kart 8. Very fun to play with the family. This time around, you can actually unlock cars and characters while playing multi-player which is an added bonus. The graphics are noticeably better than the Wii version. The courses are also easy enough to learn as a novice, but have enough choices that it takes a while to master all of the short cuts and ways to tackle them."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"LouWayne Davidson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1L0LSMQTU7NCS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"great game - loads of fun and challenging. Worth the money"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Alycia","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1I6IXAKXYBS8H","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love this game! Lots of new features, and fun tracks. I bought it for my son's birthday, but the whole family loves to play together."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Adrian Jimenez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7EQY4WFA5NLB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very good!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Juan Felipe Rivera","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1OBIRWJ48ZRZ1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I believe the game is incredibly entertaining. Not only the tracks and the vehicle customization is brilliant, but the fact that you've got so many of them, and at the same time so many characters, makes the entire game pretty diverse."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Claytonship","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1OC01L3AGNQ06","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"What can I say? This game validated my decision to move to Nintendo. This is the best racing game ever created. I'm a critical gamer, but I can't find any complaints with this one. Mesmerizing, genius, and FUN."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Philip M. Murphy \"Phil\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A164SHYQIKTTCQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I haven't played Mario Kart since the N64, but this game is just as good if not better! I cannot recommend it highly enough."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Nathan T. Van Son","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2EJOR86UOBTKI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A phenomenal racing game and a reason to buy the wii u. It continues the tradition of quality that is expected from the franchise"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"M. Sinclair","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2OHAAF7CL2HJ1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Another fantastic addition to the Mario Kart series"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pointman","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3E2UGGSV0JZ0P","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is the best mariocart yet I have played most of them and this one has all the good stuff. You can race with other people online or battle. You can also do samething at home. Only 1 compliant I can think of is battle is done on race track not areas like in the past. But we'll worth the money!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Samuel Garner","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ARAIY0YHSNBFU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is fun for the whole family. With bold new coarses and added anti-gravity tracks with the ability to customize your kart makes this one twice as good as the last. Online mode is available for up to 2 players and is a good way to see how you stack up against the rest of the world. I would really like to see some downloadable tracks for the battle mode. Overall this game gets a much deserving five stars from me."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Eric Felton","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQEKFW22NOIR6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Gotta love good ol mario kart action. Very solid game. Music/sounds are spot on, the new additions make for a fresh take on the beloved franchise. However, I personally feel they butchered the battle mode. They changed it to where you play on the same courses that are raced on. No more beloved block fort or small, action-packed square-like maps. Combat becomes very spread out and often boring. Knocked off a star for that. Otherwise the game is very addicting with its many unlockables, online play is fun too. Definitely recommend!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Louis J. Matarazzo \"Filmman586\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A121U47VVRHR9R","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Do I have to say anymore? In my opinion the best Mario game on the market! The graphics are superb and the game play is brilliant!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. Lyons","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A26X2HR7AQA3SZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is awesome. Just wish that grand prix mode had a lap timer like the older games did. Fun for the whole family."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Dustin Cross","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A20K4ZTMTARM0G","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great game overall. The only thing i can say is bad about it is that in battle mode there are no battle specific courses like in other installments. (You battle on the actual race tracks.)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jashlyn Davis","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3UO6081LNGFOU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It is excellent! The stages, the characters, the overall theme is wonderful! Its great fun for friends and family and there is never a dull moment!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Christopher M. Lindfield","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A5E7FR9NEUBQP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Greetings, I'm gonna keep it short and sweet. I've put MANY hours into this game, having beat all the cups and trophies (Even Mirror) and playing a little online I can say this game is worth every penny. If you've enjoyed previous Mario Kart games you will likely enjoy this one. I prefer the Pro Controller whilst playing but it's kind of neat playing with the wii-mote if that's your thing. All of the new courses look absolutely stunning and unique. The remakes of the old are also pretty solid. My only (2) Cons are 1. When you finish a race it will default your first option to \"View Highlights\" this drives me up the wall, i just wanna get on to my next race. Lol. 2. Out of the unlockable characters quite a few seem extremely similar, I would have enjoyed to see a broader variation of racers, It's nintendo they have a lot they can pull from."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Crystal Farrell","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1D9DKSL5F5XW0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"We bought this for the kids last day of school surprise. We can't get them to stop playing! So much better than the others. One of my kids has almost maxed out the game. Love it. I have yet to play it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"hunter_aran","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2O1C9EGYQVS1K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you haven't bought a Wii U because of lack of interesting games, now is the time to go for it! This game is the crowning jewel of the Wii U game library. It is great for everyone: all ages, parents can have real fun playing with their kids, there are enough advanced skills to learn to keep adult veteran gamers challenged, online play, and it is endlessly replayable. Add to this the possibility for further DLC and you have a game that people will not lose interest in and Nintendo can upgrade for years to come. I still play Mario Kart 64 regularly and series entries after this were all excellent but never surpassed that game, in my opinion. Now you have this game... take MK64 and improve everything: more characters, more items, more shortcuts and details in levels, a larger variety of courses, more cups, online features, fantastic graphics, and awesome funky music complete with slap bass and harmonized horns... and arguably a better balance in difficulty and item randomization. They did everything right this time! However there are some game mechanic changes that people are going to be divided over: 1) No more arena-style levels for battle mode. I haven't played it on this game yet but the idea of long courses where it is harder to run into multiple people sounds for a more bland, drawn-out, and boring experience. The chaos and mine-field worth of littered items that quickly accumulated in small square areas made the MK64 battle mode epic and adrenaline-filled fun. Now I don't see it as ever being the same. If Nintendo feels the regular courses are better, why not leave them as options but still included arena courses? (I personally am very disappointed in this! Nintendo must release DLC to fix this! Please!!) 2) You cannot \"hold\" items and also grab another to keep in standby. If you hold a shell, banana, whatever, then you will just not collect a new item until you drop it. This makes the levels way less littered with items and the battle element and strategy in normal races has been diminished (in my opinion anyway). 3) Item randomization is now based on character distance and NOT your ranking. Better items used to be more likely to show up for players farther behind. Now that has been \"fixed\". But as a consequence, the farther out front you are, the more frequent damage and losing your ranking you are guaranteed to receive! 4) You cannot stop the item roulette by pressing the trigger button (mashing) anymore. What item you get is selected by the game and you appear to have no effect on it. (again, a little bit of dumbing it down I think) One feature I am particularly thrilled about is the ability to play the game on the gamepad itself and be able to take it anywhere in house. I just leave the TV off, turn the Wii U on, and go play Mario Kart wherever I want! I love it! Someone else could even watch the TV on a different input if they wanted. Added to this, if you are a \"serious\" gamer, then it is good to know that the gamepad has a fast screen refresh rate and no added motion or color processing. This means your TV (unless you have a really high end TV and/or can disable processing entirely) will lag behind the game processing. For competitive online play, you are at a fundamental disadvantage from the input lag from pressing buttons late after seeing and responding to the TV image which is also late. The gamepad apparently has a 1ms lag and will always be more accurate than your TV. If you play on the gamepad you are guarantees to be more accurate and responsive. This is going to be a huge deal when Smash Bros. Wii U is released."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Anthony Derbah \"d_town_player48234\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A289FS1QAG1UCR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"With the lack of entertaining games for the Wii U it almost seems like I wasted my money two years ago buying this gaming console. When a family game such as Mario Kart 8 entertains the wife and kids my opinion of the Wii tends to be less negative."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Mario A Delgado","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1J3HFA2WHO7JW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8, in High Definition, brings the series to a new gaming experience. The game runs smooth, with no lag and controlling the onscreen characters is seamless. The game is basic enough to enjoy racing though each of the wonderfully designed courses and thorough enough to have you replaying to win Gold. The integration of Miiverse is really cool. Both my son (9 years old) and I have enjoyed collecting stamps and posting them online. We have also enjoyed watching other people's videos and highlights, which can be uploaded to Miiverse or YouTube. Four stars for the lack of any level editor."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Charles","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29KHZBRZEPHAR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Another great entry into the Mario Kart franchise. Very fun and beautiful looking. I didn't realize how much better looking until my son fired up the last version on the Wii. It was mind blowing how much better this new one looks over the last version. My only complaint is the revamped battle mode. Instead of dedicated battle tracks to go around on, they reused the racing tracks. They're not good for battling because for a small group of people, you may never see your adversaries as you are moving around the track."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dave P.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A23QKGBTR29SIU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Getting some hands-on with this game is what convinced me to finally buy a Wii U. It looks absolutely wonderful in HD, and the multi-player functions are the best I've seen on a Nintendo device yet. Looking forward to Amiibo connections available with this game, and others."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"David Nigro \"Nitro\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A21UC69JT4V64S","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Been waiting for the new Mario for years. So happy with all the new cool stuff. Very excited to play this game...."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Shra","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2D6BT0EAJIF9K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"So happy that there is finally a new Mario Kart available. My family and I were big fans of the other one and this one is even better. I love the new tracks and the new customization options for each car. Since the levels are new it does take some getting used to, especially driving on the walls, but it is a very fun game and we really enjoy it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"MissyLouWho","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AC1JSIV14L9JY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This Game is so much fun. I enjoy playing on line and the Grand Prix Challenges. The Time Trials are making me crazy!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"kiara","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LOU7LIJ5L2KZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"BEST GAME EVER! This is my first mario kart game! And I LOVE IT!!!!! online mode is super fun and addicting. Great game for party!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"James Luna \"The Architect\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2N3GSVCG76JTB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love the game and the graphics look outstanding. The multiplayer is great. I would of liked better battle stages for the multiplayer, as it seams now, you can go a long time without finding people with balloons to pop. Other than that, the circuits, the cups, are very fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joshua","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQ7XL5ELAPB5C","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you are a fan of the Mario Kart series, this is just the next in line of an awesome series. its so nice to be able to play in HD"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rafael Palomares Quiroz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1HNBZ8XSUFSGB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"After playing a lot with it, I decided to register it and get the free game from Club Nintendo, but inside the case, there was no Club Nintendo sheet :("}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Animelover","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2O1SP6ZPJKCAS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I haven't played a MarioKart game since 64 and I can say that this holds to the original. I say get this game because it is a great buy. By far some of the most fun I have had playing a video game in a while. Me and my friends would rather play this then any of the dumb CoD games."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Travis Nave","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3NKXZ6KGYRF6E","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is sold out nearly everywhere. It's such a fantastic franchise that everyone should own it. The price here for new is better than new or used prices at brick and mortar!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sammy Eang","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2PW0UGDD9FFYY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love Nintendo? Love racing games? Have a Wii U? This is a must get. 32 tracks, over 30 characters, new items, anti-gravity racing, great online competitive play, and kart customization! If the box was blue instead of red to fit in with all my other Wii U games, that'd make this perfect. Literally, this is all me and my friends play now whenever we meet up."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Steven D.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1F4N8LCUTX14U","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I'm a hardcore Mario Kart fan. My favorite has always been Mario Kart 64, and this game has surpassed all my expectations. The only thing I can see as an issue for people would be the lack of proper battle arenas. But honestly, the racing and courses are so good you won't even think about it. And with the precedent of DLC with games like Pikmin 3, those battle arenas will most likely be given later. This is by far the best game for the Wii U, and there have already been some really good games. This game really is good enough to warrant a purchase of the Wii U. The hype is real. Watch out for the Luigi death stare. He's coming for you."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Nick Herr","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3O8FNHBX5B2P2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is by far the best MarioKart I have played in years, I just wish there were more tracks. The vehicle customization is awesome and adds a bit of strategy to your game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"arlene manzo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1TLBTNUS80EID","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"my daughter likes to play on her wii u all the time, since i got this game for her she's been playing it everyday"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Davey Jones","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1RWXOF86OM10B","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this game. Ive always enjoyed mario kart so when I saw the preview for it I ordered as soon as I could."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"raehart18","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MUDFNF1KTOGR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great game. I love all the new characters and the different courses! My son and I play regularly."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"DeAnna Hoffart","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQ91P7U7D49FQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Way better than Mario Kart 8. Way less ink attacks & the maps are visually stunning. The physics are great, the courses are not just flat land but go sideways and up in the air. Good times. The online play has been my favorite part. Tilt steering with the Wii U gamepad is a million times better than with the regular wii controllers too. Every Wii U owner should have this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Riki Donnelly","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A343L0ITOFBXA8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I haven't played a Mario Kart game in years but I was super hyped for this one. I was worried it wouldn't live up to that hype but I was wrong. This is such a fun game and I've enjoyed playing it with my wife and friends alike. Awesome game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Scott A. Zacherau","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BZZATN07ILV4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you like WII Mario Kart you will like this. All that Mario Kart had before 8 has plus more. If you are new to WII U you can also use your old WII controllers. That is why I have the new WII U and the old PS3 and Xbox 360. All the WII games and controllers work on WII U."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"K. Rubel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3AFICAR681DQ8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I'm new to mario kart, and I'd have to say I've only played one other on the DS and this one is by far an excellent one to get started on. Very intuitive, not hard to control and so much fun. Amazing graphics and fun places to race. Fun to play alone and with friends. I love racing games like Forza too but this is a lot more casual and more fun when you don't want that extreme simulated handling."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tom Carroll","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1W9ZK4HJ9ERIP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Simply put. If you have a WiiU then this is a must buy. If you were on the fence about buying a WiiU and waiting for a big title to sway you, wait no longer. This is it. This is the definitive version of Mario Kart. Beautiful graphics. Excellent music. Boat loads of lovable characters, different vehicle items, and new and old tracks to unlock that will surely keep you busy for a while. Not to mention the seamless online play which works to perfection. I wish I could give this 10 stars. Nintendo is back!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Eric A. Hofstetter","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1S27P7KJO9I96","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I can assure you that every review you have read with a positive spin on this game is 100% legit! The game play, AWESOME! The visuals, SPECTACULAR! The fun factor, OFF THE CHARTS SPECTACULARLY AWESOME! My kids can't get enough! The new elements that Nintendo have added to the game... so welcoming and creative and fun and... ENOUGH! Stop reading reviews, and go buy this already! You will NOT BE DISAPPOINTED! Five out of FIVE STARS!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Angela Cullum \"angela27\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A36OAW3MPOXJQF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great choice for anyone that likes the mario kart games. The item was reasonably priced and it was shipped to us very quickly."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mmoreno","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A22W5NHFFYE5NN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My younger brother and I really enjoy this game. The best part about it is the online game play. A+ purchase."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel J Crouse","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A21ZXBE6AM7XP2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A nice upgrade to the early version. High Def. A much better playing experience. We couldn't be happier. Good job."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Chad Cleland","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1QZXYORE8CDTF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a must have game for any Nintendo fan! They have expanded the number of unlockable characters and customizations you can do to really personalize your kart. The first thing you notice is the amazing graphics of all of the tracks and animations on the different courses. They far exceed the graphics on the Wii version and the remakes of the old tracks have new additions that make them even better than they once were! Nintendo hit a home run with this title and I look forward to what Nintendo has planned in the future!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Monica Quesada","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ARMBV6IV882U3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I noticed that my son loves this game more than the others because the graphics are better and easier to play with."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"TWC","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WLPBIWBYHQEJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"As Nintendo does so well, Mario Kart makes for a great party game. This title was anticipated for a while, at least from my perspective, since MK7 was handheld only. Needless to say, this was a great multiplayer game that only got boring whenever you had that one guy in the room that was way better than everyone else. Even then, it became about putting that smug piece of work Jerry in his place. So that was fun too."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"LoveMyBoys08","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A346QY2N3AIGQH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My family plays this together. My 5 year old loves it. His 28 year old dad loves it! I love it! I'm not a huge gamer and this is fun and easy enough that no matter your skill level there is a mode you can enjoy. Graphics are amazing. Very beautiful game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Carlos R. Badilla Mejia","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1XSBS3F1M9J9K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A game that every WiiU owner should have! My friends and I are almost 30 and enjoy this game A LOT!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mark a. davis","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A40D7FEHG3AXB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this game. I have played the Mario Kart series since the beggining. This is one of the best in the series next to double dash for game cube."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Morris","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1YGTWR8NJ0IIR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I played many Mario Kart games as a child, but this is definitely my favorite. It's so much fun. There are 32 great tracks to enjoy. Playing it on the Wii U gamepad is also a plus! Seriously, get this game. Your missing out!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mihslayer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3QS28SGBWS1FY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's a Mariokart game, so it's guaranteed family fun. However, that aside, the new elements that. We're added in change the game a lot in a good way. It's a new twist to a fun classic. Be sure to pick up a copy and get going. Oh, as an added note, the multiplayer/online function is great, too."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Steven D Lewis","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1B1XK9V78VV0P","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"We love just about everything Nintendo. The game is new and exciting and the new tracks are very fun! Engaging!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"PayKard \"Folken Sama\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1Y0IOZTOOVHPX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome this is a perfect Mario Kart Game for WiiU Very Recommende its simple awesome!!!! Game of the year 2014"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mnmommy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SLI0O0DDEVUP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is awesome. I bought it for my son and he loves it, and I enjoy playing it too. Would recommend."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Chloe Stewart","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ANLATAKKEZOC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very fun game and looks wonderful in HD. There are some new characters to play as which is very nice."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"G.M. \"G\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2XV7VGLQZXE7T","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Overall awesome game! Great re makes of the courses as well as fun new ones. Definitely another Nintendo Classic. Only con is that I wish they had the old battle mode style instead of the new course battle mode."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kevin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2HVTPCJ0VX8K8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I haven't played a nintendo home console for over a decade, but even still it was really easy to learn and play Mario Kart all over again. Power sliding is the same as it was in the Nintendo 64 days and they have tons of maps spanning the history of the series. If anything, this feels like a much improved Mario Kart 64. It's fun to play both single and multi-player, though you might want to try a higher CC level than 50 if you've played any Mario Kart game at all."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Smith","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1G4MK3ZI7V66M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Nintendo knocked it out of the park with this one. System Seller for sure. Wished they had released it when the WiiU came out instead of years later."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BSMHEYH3DSO3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I bought the Wii U deluxe version with included Mario kart 8 and we love it. It is great fun for the whole family and really gets your blood pumping!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"BD","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2AOYBYWUT8S1I","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Hearing about this game coming out is one of the reasons I bought a Wii U and I have not regretted it at all. the graphics are out of this world amazing and the game play, although very similar to Mario Kart Wii, is a ton of fun. I'm still trying to get the feel of the different bike/character combinations but it is a lot of fun doing the \"homework.\" I would give it 10 starts if I could do so on Amazon."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tyler","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZ431L4HGSNUF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a breakthrough for the Mario Kart series. I am amazed with the enhancements in detail to the graphics such as with shading, textures for the grass, different lighting, and many other things. All courses have been completely revamped; so courses from previous games are not entirely the same, but are still quite familiar. In example, Yoshi Valley from the Nintendo 64's Mario Kart 64 was known to be a barren canyon and not entirely exciting. Mario Kart 8 has changed that to become much more vibrant, adding in a cave, a barrel cannon, and just made this track so much more vivid and appealing; this game is complete eye candy for all of its tracks. Cart customization has become a feature that was carried out from Mario Kart 7 for the 3DS; this is a great feature that allows for kart body, wheel, and glider customization to alter the statistics of each character's vehicle. Driving mechanics have been altered for hovering, gliding, and deep-sea diving; all incredible additions for the next main family console. The unlockable characters consist mainly of Bowser minions from the Mario cartoon series that started up in the late 80s. I think they add some nice character to part of the Mario history and I am glad they were added into the game. Online play works wonderfully and makes up for the inability to play online in Mario Kart Wii. I think this game is wonderful from all of the customization features and the stunning graphics provided by each track. Coins added from MK7 remain in this game and are similar to wumpa fruit from the Crash Team Racing for Playstation and the later Crash racing game for various consoles; it just enhances the maximum achievable speed during a race. This is a must for anyone who enjoyed the Mario Kart series previously, enjoys racing games, or a fun, interactive family or friend game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John A. Greco","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1BM4MD9LK7NHV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I was so happy when I loaded this up. It is cheeky and bright. Has a much better handle on items, though the rubberbanding is still awful. All the new tracks are fun and the revamped classic tracks were much better than I expected!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Peanut","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2M8705EDB1Y1S","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"first I would like to say this game is just as fun as the original and maybe even better. Graphics are top notch as usual from Nintendo as well as the pcm sound."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"R. Overson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AXZDI7G4FTWE1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My first Mario kart since SNES version. I must say I am impressed by the level of options and playability. The tracks are well designed and have so much animation and color! Online multiplay I hardly use on any game, but I tried it on Mario Kart 8 and talk about a challenge!!! You will be lucky to place 5th or better, seriously! I prefer using the control stick on the wiii u pad but my wife prefers the wii motion controls, its your preference! Buy this game! You and your family will love it!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rezivor","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A14WVDQ9TWYB93","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is a very fun, great game. It has the usual simple controls (plus the motion w/ steering wheel or gamepad if you choose). The gameplay is fantastic, the power of the Wii U makes the graphics in awesome HD. And with Mario Kart 8 you get a overall more expansive Mario Kart experience than ever before! Many tracks, both classics beautifully remade & new one's too! Many characters to unlock and choose from. Including your Mii character(s). You can unlock various kart parts too! The levels have gravity defying elements. You have new weaponry to get in the boxes....And of course there are several types to play. 50cc,100cc,150cc,battle,time attack,ect.. the game like I said is nearly perfect. Great characters,gameplay,graphics,replay value (especially w/ friends or online), awesome unlockables....The one thing I dislike about this game is the screen layout when playing two players on the same TV. The split screen is vertically split instead of horizontal. You can see the track ok overall, but it just feels and looks a little enclosed and odd like that. It can't be changed in the settings either. So maybe playing one person on the gamepad screen & the other on TV is better for some? And of course playing 4 play the screen is split 4 ways, which is fine then, and expected. Not a major issue or deal breaker.....Just would be nice to play it split screen like Gears Of War,COD,ect..if desired. I highly recommend getting this game!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jesse","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2N3433VCPJC3I","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"mario cart is an great looking and fun with multiple people and provides a perfect party game due to a shalower learning curve. The true purpose of a video game is to have fun and this enables you to do just that. Adressing negitive reviews for this game, I saw that most people watched trailers ahead of time and were overly exited for the game and felt let down by the actual product because they do not relise that their expeiance will differ. If you are exited about a game, watch the trailers and demos and realise that they are trying to sell a game, not provide you with a walkthrough."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jake","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BP0UU4A5ZD6L","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is a great game. i would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of mario or racing games altogether."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Christopher J Snyder","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3OTKB87XJVH0M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best game on wii u, u upgrades unlockable imaginative tracks 5 stars must have wii u title Super Mario galaxy like creativity"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Kelly Sottelbaum","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3VBXQKRM7A4JR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I still wish the blue shells were a bit more fair...outside that, this game is great, and a lot of fun. It would have been nice to have more race tracks (in total, more, not just replacing some of the existing ones.) I like that Nintendo reimplements some of the old Mario Kart tracks in the new ones, but at this rate, the number of new tracks they have to create is getting smaller and smaller, as they can keep reusing some over and over. Also, and again this is more preference than knocking the game... but where are the ghost houses in this version? Those are usually some more difficult ones, and I don't think I encountered any of them (about done with 100cc, which are the same tracks as 50cc only faster.) Great game...I'm hoping for an expansion pack, though...one with a dozen or two all new tracks. Come on, Nintendo!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gregory H Rucker","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2PK2SD5G05VGB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is the best family video game! You can play with 1-4 people and it is appropriate for all ages. My family of four enjoys this game together. I hate to admit the number of hours I have spent playing this with my son. I am not a gamer and find this a blast over and over again as my kids squeal in delight. I have two children: a boy who is 6 and girl who is 5. They both love to play the game...my wife even enjoys it and she has never liked video games much in the past. The graphics and creativity that went into this game are truly amazing. I rarely rate products but felt this product is so wonderful that it deserved special kudos. This game is competitive and silly. It will definitely make you laugh. We have completed all the tracks and now want the next version to come out with more race tracks and adventures. Great job Nintendo!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Max Ly","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AKTD7RRLVHTGP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Pros: HD Graphics, absolutely gorgeous especially in 1080p. Best looking game on the Wii U so far. Gravity Mode, I was a bit skeptical at first when they introduced the gravity mode but after playing the game, the idea and concept of it is actually ...in my opinion....cool and creative. Gameplay, same formula just like the past mario kart games, some cool new items. My personal favorite is the boomerang. Cons: Battle Mode.....sigh....."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James Resiter","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AUYHPYJ053Z6X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"As a Wii U owner, I have to say that this is THE GAME that will leave you entertained indefinitely. The combination of unlocking different vehicle components and accessories through playing the game provides incentive to learn the finer nuances of the controls. Regardless of which controller is used, the handling of each vehicle is spot-on. Although still motion screenshots will show some aliasing, it's not noticeable when things are in motion. The newest addition of the Super Horn adds an interesting strategic dynamic that previously didn't exist in earlier entries in the series. Knowing that there is a slight chance that the blue shell will not spell doom makes the collection of items during the race a mini game in and of itself. Where this game absolutely shines is in its multiplayer component. The FREE online service does well, and there were plenty of people to play with at any given point in time. Snatching victory from the jaws of defeat is not too uncommon, as power ups and multiple people gunning for first place makes the fun factor unbeatable. The highlight clip upload to Youtube allows you to relive some of the best and most humorous moments of the race. If you do not have a broadband connection with a reasonable upload speed, you may be waiting a while for the posting on Youtube to complete. The beauty part of MK8 stems from the fact that you can play it casually, in bite-sized periods of time and still enjoy it just as much as someone who is playing it competitively. There are two additional aspects to consider: 1.) Between now and the end of July, purchasing the game entitles you to a download of select Nintendo titles at no additional cost. You're essentially getting this game AND another gem for one price. 2.) The amiibo capabilities announced during E3 2014 will bring some additional longevity to this title. While the specifics were not declared, it would not be unrealistic to assume that you can pair the figures with the game and level them accordingly. Without a doubt, this is the title that shows Nintendo has not lost its swagger and still knows its core audience very well! If you're suffering from a lack of \"something truly next gen\" on the more-expensive consoles, give the MK8 bundle a try! Most fun I've had in YEARS!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A11PYE1EOZ0AH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Let me start off this review by stating I've never been a huge fan of Mario-Kart. I was awful at the N64 classic, and since then have only dabbled in Double-Dash a few times. Mario Kart 8 is a complete game changer. You don't have to be a professional to have fun with this game (that doesn't mean you'll always win, but you will have fun). I built my skill up to finally unlock the golden tires, and am close (2 grand prix's away from earning the gold kart). Overall I've been excited for Nintendo's line-up of Super Smash Bros. Next and Legend of Zelda Wii-U; but Mario Kart 8 made the wait bearable."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mycatdied","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FKWMLRBNIZF8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Before I get to the game itself, just as a reminder for anyone who doesn't know. If you purchase this game and register it on club nintendo before some time in July, you will receive one of 4 games for free (Super Mario U, Pikmin 3, Zelda-Windwaker, Wii U Party). This alone makes this a great purchase if you like Mario Kart. That said as far as the game...... I am very impressed with Mario Kart as usual. The graphics are bright and colorful and they demonstrate the developers ability to get the most out of the Wii U's hardware. The game features a lot of new drivers and the ability to customize your kart. The levels are varied and interesting as always. Courses have secret paths, obstacles, etc that keep you on your toes along with having to worry about the other racers. Online play is something that I have relatively little experience with on the Wii U, but Mario Kart demonstrated its ease of use. I only had to click the online play option and whether I wanted regional or worldwide play. The game was able to find matches quickly and everything ran smoothly with virtually no lag in my experience. Overall this game is a lot of fun!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jennifer Lockwood","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3ULDYJ2K3342Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 takes a tried and tested formula that has worked for 22 years, keeps it, gives it some fun and exciting new ideas, and wraps it in beautiful HD gameplay! Playing this alone in full screen is fun, but c'mon, you really buy this game because you want to play it together! The soundtrack is mostly live recorded instruments, so that adds a funky jazz punch to everything, which is really cool! The music also adapts to the environment within races, like when you're underwater and it's somewhat subdued, then you come out into the sun and a tenor sax just starts wailing... it's wonderful! Learning to skid will reward you for the time spent with satisfying explosions out of turns, and they're really necessary to do well, particularly in the hardest difficulty. The anti-grav stuff is fun, including bumping into other karts for a speed boost. It's all pretty subtle, though. Most of the time, I can't even tell whether I'm upside-down or sideways or right-side-up, and that's a good thing because it doesn't make you sick. I have to watch the highlight reel to realize \"Oh, that part I did earlier is sideways!\" Local multiplayer works wonderfully, as we've had people over for long sessions of playing nothing but this. There is a ton of unlockable content, and it unlocks very frequently as you collect coins on the track and win the Grand Prix in different difficulties, which you can (and should) do as a group because it takes even less time. Plus, you can feel like you accomplished something together. Online multiplayer works seamlessly for what it is. A couple of gripes: First, there is no system-wide notification for friends who want to play together online. You have set up a time by some outside means and coordinate that way. Some kind of Wii U-level multiplayer request system would be nice (like if I want to play one race with a friend who's logged into their Wii U... you have to call them and say \"Hey, I see you're on your Wii U. Wanna play?\") Second, there is no chat system for online match-made multiplayer (automatically pairing you with people you don't know to play), even in regional mode where you should be speaking the same language. The one upside to this is that parents know for sure that their kids won't be exposed to language they don't want them to hear. These are minor gripes, though, as the online multiplayer works quickly and reliably for what it is. There are many options for control. You can use tilt controls on either the Wii Remote of the Gamepad, or use the Remote with the D-pad, or the Remote with the Nunchuck, or the Gamepad with the joystick, or the Wii (or Wii U) Pro Controller. Overall, it's a must-buy for Wii U owners of all ages. Have some people over, play online, play by yourself. It's all wonderful!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Shopper","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ENHEOJ2XZW92","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Yet another great Mario Kart game. The multiplayer and online aspect make this game loads of fun. New courses, new kart/bike options. Well done game and loads of fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"George Paul Juilland Prada","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1BVLTGAPT32R6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is the best game for the Nintendo Wii U, because has really good graphics, the gameplay is perfect and the online works perfectly. Every owner of the Wii U should have this game, specially all the fans of Mario and Nintendo."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2M4VPE4QRJ015","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I recently purchased the Wii u and had not really not spent a terrible amount of time playing it. My wife (who is not a gamer) loves this game and it has moved the Wii U to front and center in my gaming world. My father In Law and myself have played many hours together and there has not been a dull moment. The only real gripe I have is that you cannot use the Gamepad as a stand alone screen. What do I mean by that? I mean that while you can play on the Pad you still have the split screen seen on the tv. Great game and I love playing it. Easy to learn, difficult to master. The perfect game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Blanko","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2FHUCXS1T7A9J","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's Mario Kart 8: it's family friendly, youtube friendly and it can destroy friendships and families alike. Just don't play with spoiled sports."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ernesto Cruz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A35U9LMF9574SF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario Kart ever (so far...) This game is perfect for solo play or for play with friends! Have 30 playable characters and 32 playable tracks, I hope Nintendo put some extra Tracks/Cups as DLC in the future, and some characters too. I have been playing this gem since I got it! I can't get enough of it! Love it! The new tracks were amazing, but the retro tracks are even more amazing, they look like a completely new track!!! The CPU its very easy to beat in 50cc, but in Mirror Mode the CPU is pure evil! The MKtv is great, it can be fun to rewind some game play, but thats it! Online is lag free, and very competitive. In overall a great game for the Nintendo WiiU, next in line will be Smash Bros!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jeffrey Dore","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2OVJ49J8FQN6Y","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Whole family of 5 (Ages 4 to 44) sit around and have a blast racing, collecting coins, and unlocking characters, karts, and options!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"c0nker TM","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A21RNSDM6H0BTL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Wii U is finally pumping out some good games, you can add this to the list of awesome. Mario Kart for the WIN"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"T. Buckland","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2P7C7H81MH4XB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"5 stars because the game is awesome! The battle mode is kinda lame but the rest of the game is so dang good you won't even care. Still, I really wish we had Mario Kart 64 style battle courses... The control in this game is so much better than in older versions of Mario Kart. You can use any controller configuration you can think of, they all work. This game is for anyone that's ever played Mario Kart in the past and anyone that loves racing games."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Bonnie S Oliver","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A16CPNJ4ZOCR41","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"We bought this as a gift for my 23 year old son. Since we see him and his friends playing it a lot - it was definitely a hit! :o)"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Craig","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2XCN7C49CWZF3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I'm rarely moved to do a review. All I know is for the first time in a long time, this game had our family of four huddled around the tv playing a videogame together. Everyone has their own gaming interests, but this title had us put all those aside and just enjoy the innocence and fun of kart racing. I'm sure everyone has their favorite over the years, but this one echoes all the way back to the original Super Mario Kart with the on-track coins and just seems to take the best elements from the Mario Kart 64 on with a fun mix of on-track pickups, challenging tracks, car customization, fantastic local coop, beautiful nintendo visuals and just pick up and play fun. I know it has online coop, but for me, its the kind of game that is a good reminder of the fun to be had playing couch coop with family and friends. I recommend it."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pen Name","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A32R28LR0UOZ6U","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is amazing the levels are so fun and customizing the vehicles is a blast!!! There's so many characters to choose from!! My favorite new character is pink gold peach she's a great addition!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jonah","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AGB84FOPMMVSD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"All the fun of the Original Mario Kart Games with a few new gameplay elements! Nintendo really pulled it off this time!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D Superty","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A383SYGN9E7F7Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"one of the best games i ever played it really is a blast to play an looks amazing in HD keep it up Ninetendo ,there first party games are better then both Sony an Microsoft together i think the wii u sales will pick up by next year since they got a great list of upcoming games,starfox ,Zelda,Bayonetta 1 an 2 Mario maker,Smash Brothers all top games"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Javier Vega","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A374EWASH8OMZP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Nicely done game for Nintendo I am sure fans will love this game.This game offers really challenging race, Online One and Two Player Mode,You can Upload your gameplay Highlights on Youtube,But sad part it doesn't have Voice Chat that fans wanted. Its true that Nintendo is giving way One Free downloadable Wii U selective titles for free if you bought Mario Kart 8 and use Nintendo Club code the offer ends I believe July 30th."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel Ramirez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1WM6XOZFJQ3PL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is a lot of fun, especially with friends playing local co-op. Hearing them yell when they get hit with red shells is what I live for. Mario has never looked better! The graphics are much improved over previous entries in the seriesThe new tracks are well designed and really test your driving skills.16 classic tracks are included as always and remade to add some new components to them. Some though are redesigned so much you can't even tell what they are, but still loads of fun. There are new items and finally a way to stop that pesky blue shell if you are lucky. Some of my old favorites (like the row of bananas and the fake item boxes) are gone though. If I had one complaint about the game it would be those darned 150cc computer characters. I always seem to lose one race when playing on 150cc preventing me from 3 staring some of the cups. Honestly though, that is part of the fun and challenge that will bring you back to this game over and over again. The online was super easy to get into and I played lots of great players form all over the world. I would only notice the occasional disappearing/reappearing racer, but it didn't affect the game at all. Overall I would highly recommend this to both fans of the series and those just looking for a fun racing game to play with friends."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Piathulus","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AW5OP9B3Y9FIT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is the tried-and-true Mario Kart formula (aka awesome), but with a few changes from the Wii version: 1) They removed fake item boxes and replaced it with a coin item. 2) They added a coin system: collect coins (up to 10) and each gives you a SMALL speed boost 3) You can no longer hold an item behind you and pick up a new one. The new tracks are amazing, anti-gravity is amazing. If you liked any previous version, get this. You'll love it. Lastly, for those who play really competitively, the online is really great. The meta has a few changes from the Wii version (for the better), so look them up and be ready to go. Being able to download world-record ghosts is amazing and a really good way to improve your game ~"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Weikuang Wong","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CN4JZHL3ULUX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The Wii U is a 1080p next generation system but for some reason they chose to make Mario Kart 8's resolution 720p. I read the back of the box and it doesn't say if the game is 720p or 1080p. Most people who assume the game is 1080p will be a little disappointed. Everyone who played Mario Kart 64 and buy this game expecting the battle mode to be next generation, better and improved will also be a little disappointment. If you don't mind the game is 720p and you never played Mario Kart 64's battle mode then you will love this game. If you already have Mario Kart Wii and want a new 1080p Mario Kart with the best battle mode in the series, maybe you should wait until Mario Kart 9 comes out. Mario Kart 8 isn't perfect but I am still happy to spend 60 dollars for it. When Mario Kart 9, 10 and 11 come out, I'll be happy to buy all of them because I really enjoy the Mario Kart series regardless of each games imperfections. This game is fun to play and I like it so I am happy to give this 5 stars. At the time of this review, Amazon has this game on sale and tax free plus free shipping... why not take advantage of this and just get the game now..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Prozac4545","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AEWKNOF18CB2K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a must have for Mario Kart and F-Zero fans. This is as close as we will get to a new F-Zero any time soon. This is easily the best Mario Kart since Double Dash. If you own a WiiU or want one down the road, get this now."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lindyloon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1CRGEB4TI4PIS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"So fun and addicting. You will not ever want to stop playing! Love the new items (piranha plant is the bomb)."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Buzz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ERL6ZI6WS0NY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I purchased this day one and enjoyed it immediately. Very easy to jump right into it, start racing either by yourself or with friends. This is an amazing game for multiplayer, especially local multiplayer- an aspect of games many developers seem to ignore. There are a variety of controller options: Classic Controller, Wiimote, Pro Controller, and of course the Gamepad. All work great, but I use the Gamepad consistently, it's extremely comfortable and the controls feel natural. The online is incredible. You can jump right into a match, vote for the track you want, and it starts right after the track is chosen from the player choices randomly. Very quick, efficient, and lag-free. Disconnections do happen, but almost always in the actual lobby, not during racing. This is not very common, however. The scoring system from Mario Kart Wii is back, you start with 1000 points online and work your way up to 9999. Your score can go either up or down after each match, depending on how you place. The tracks are gorgeous. I'm sure you've heard of the anti-gravity feature. It works incredibly well, does not feel forced, and makes the game feel fresh and exciting. 16 brand new tracks and 16 classic tracks from previous Mario Karts. Everyone's going to have a few they despise, but I thoroughly enjoy the vast majority of the tracks, and because of the ridiculous nature of the races, I can even almost appreciate when I'm forced to race on a map I dislike and sort of laugh it off. That's the great thing about this game: you can go from joy to embarrassment or anger within seconds because of its chaotic nature. However, once you are mad, you are laughing seconds or minutes later, once you realize how crazy you look for getting mad at such a charming, hilarious game. These kinds of reactions are only amplified when playing with friends split-screen. There are not many negatives that apply to me, but some will be disappointed in the Battle Mode. Battles no longer take place in arenas, but rather on the actual tracks. This does not bother me, as I only do races, but I know there are some Battle fans out there who will be disappointed. The usual negative for most players is the Blue Shell, but there is a way to destroy it now with a new item. Mario Kart 8 is truly an amazing experience, both on- and offline. The gameplay is smooth and there is plenty to do with or without friends. Tons of customization, great new tracks, and hours of chaos with random players around the world. Highly recommended; a must-have for all Wii U owners and in my opinion, a great reason to actually pick up the console. 5/5"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mandi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29XAPG64V3713","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Came on time, nicely packed, and the game play is fantastic. Recommend this game for party night with friends and family."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Plasmarobo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ZVPEC9L7ASJI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The new Mario kart is phenomenal! All the classic parts are there, plus true kart customization! Mix and match parts to build a personal vehicle, keep trying to find the best combinations! The new tracks are imaginative and challenging, and the new mechanics only add to the game. Gravity defying upside-down courses are so much fun. On-pad play is possible (though it might take a little digging to find) for both Multiplayer and Single Player modes. On top of all this we are promised more characters and karts as DLC. The current character selection is a little odd, with some favorites missing. Hopefully they'll be patched in quickly."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Patricia Iverson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A35NDLHWQ6I9R3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The kids have been here since my son received this game. They are college students having a great time with the game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Nguyen","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1XB5V8MCUNNMA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Pretty straight forward review: Pros: +Solid controls, handling--reminds me of Mario Kart 64 in terms of control with a bit of Mario Kart Wii +Well designed, creative, beautiful, unique tracks except for rainbow road because I can't see much of a difference between the two +Online play itself .....and so far it's seamless +Pretty good replay value if you are sort of new to Mario Kart -- Going from 50cc slowly to 150cc to learn while getting achievements along the way. If you're a vet...replay value would be lower because you'd start at 150cc and getting achievements would feel tedious. +The highlights are entertaining breaks (ahem luigi death stare) +Anti gravity feature adds even more action to the game +Item balance seems better than Mario Kart Wii Cons: -The AI is still a little unfair to me at 150cc. Losing 1 second before the finish line (because one hit from one AI leads to 4 more) when you were first the whole race sucks. Because of this it makes it feel like it's more of luck that the AI doesn't have good weapons rather than you being good at the game. -I miss the battle tracks of old days...MK64. There is a battle mode but it's just a title. Battles on race tracks are not battles. -The item balance got better since Mario Kart Wii but still feels a bit unfair at times. Over all great game so far. I can imagine it being lots of fun at a house party. Play for drinks."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"kayembees","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2F4C4LMHEL61Z","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I enjoyed this title with added extras already mentioned plus if you register your game with Nintendo you get a code to download 1of 4 major titles for a limited time in the Nintendo store. A bargin buy for sure. I downloaded Zelda HD, but it's also Pikmin 3, Mario world, and Mario party!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Steven Wiggin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ZBE5N5O773XG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I am a Navy Sailor looking for a Nintendo Title that I could play with my friends and family back home and finally nintendo released this game, I played it and it is fun and playing it online lets me have competition since the computers get easy after a while."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jeremiah Briggs","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1Z9W64WN0EYV2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"What's not to love? It's Mario Kart. Back with the best classic tracks fully realized in full 1080p 60 fps HD along with the newest additions and the dreaded rainbow road.... More racing choices than ever before customize your kart, tires, and glider... The only negative is the difficulty it's just not that challenging if you're an experienced Mario Kart player but the online play can make up for that. All in all buy it and at the very least take advantage of the free game received from club Nintendo. New Super Mario Bros. U, Pikmin 3, The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD, or Wii Party U.. Any of these games intrigue you that you don't own? Well what are you waiting for? \"Expires 7-31-2014\""}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"AMF","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1CYDPRGMSE9CV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game really inspired me! I missed out on most Wii games including previous Mario Kart games.. When I knew that this game came out for Wii U I decided to buy the console and I was not disappointed. The online mode is what made this game special I really like it! If you're a fan of Nintendo then this game will definitely not disappoint you. If you haven't bought a Wii U yet because not too many games are on it I assure that this game is worth it and you will be playing it for quit some time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Adam J. Waters","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AODG4NET5Q8QM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you have ever played Mario Kart then you know exactly what you are getting into with Mario Kart 8. Just this time its flipping gorgeous with great online play and a wealth of stuff to unlock. While there are some old features surprisingly missing I'm assuming DLC will take care of that (unfortunately you can blame Sony and Microsoft for making that the norm). This will keep you busy for hours unlocking what is there and with friends theres an endless amount of fun to be had. Gamepad controls takes getting use to but the Wii remotes and Pro Controller (Wii and WiiU version) are extremely easy to get a handle on. Go out and buy this amazing game now. You would be doing your WiiU a disservice by not."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Flo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3URERP6365CPD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I'm a true lover of Nintendo and series like Super Mario Bros., Mario Kart, Legend of Zelda, Pikmin, etc are my definite go to for an amazing game full of whimsy and adventure. This Mario Kart is absolutely beautiful and I can't help but just be in awe. There's something about these courses that are breath-taking and always make me wish I lived in that world where water was always so beautiful and grass was so green. I love being able to race with others over the web with such ease. It's a great plus when you can do two player on the web, too! My only gripe with the game is the battle system. I wish they had their own courses and we had games like the sunshine stealing game or the bomb one. But other than that, this game was much anticipated and delivered."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"A N","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GWH5J2WUGJMA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Amazing game. Must have for anyone with a Wii u. If you don't, you are truly missing out on a great game"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mr. Applelopolis","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1JJOYBYXT0CZN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart in HD is brilliant! Brings new life into Karting. And oddly enough, although I have heard plenty say the battle mode is not good on open courses, with 12 players online it is a blast! Bravo Nintendo...keep them coming!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Gil","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A258JLOEIO2O2W","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is exactly the sort of thing the Wii U needed. It has the obvious Nintendo trademark of not messing up a formula, but with an edgy in originality. Nintendo always wins when they rebrand their brands, well most of time, and this time they hit the ball park. The only down side here is the multiplayer could've been spiked up a little bit, i.e. to Double Dash. But online support is better than previous instalations so it's a minimal one."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brandon Burns","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1CUJHX14I7B26","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I really love this game. The graphics are beautiful and the music is absolutely amazing. It's a really fun game. The only downside is the constant disconnections, which will eventually be fixed. Other than that, I definitely recommend buying this game. :D"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Leo B","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ZRDPKDNYMTSW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's hard to explain why, but this game is just plain old fun. Everything is smooth as butter, from the controls to the graphics. In my opinion, this is the best entry in the series since Mario Kart 64."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cesar","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AW2ZF2U3G7ZWK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is the best mario kart game ever made in my opinion. The gameplay is very competitive online, which is something I was looking forward to. The graphics are also amazing. I don't know what else to say but to get this game, its amazing."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Randy \"Frequent Amazon Buyer\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AE2I87RNTD4TO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I was really enjoying Mario Kart 8 but when I got to Moo Moo Meadows I was totally blown away! That's when it hit me - Mario Kart 8 is 10 times better than Mario Kart Wii. The whole game looks great, the game play is fun, and the karts/motorcycles are awesome too!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Justin Walsh","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1SQ8FA4AS2HR9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game has provided hours of fun for my family. I have 2 daughters 5 and 7 and they both have picked up the game controls quickly. They love unlocking new characters and vehicles and the 50cc provides just enough challenge to not discourage them. I love the game for its higher difficulty in 100cc and 150cc. Also the online multiplayer is brutal, but i always have felt that it was due to my own shortcomings and not because of the skill level of the opponents. With practice, I feel i can achieve greatness online as well. I would recommend this game to everyone, new and old, casual and hardcore. Hopefully this will be the beginning of Nintendo's comeback, but if it isn't, there are enough games to justify my $200 refurbished purchase from Nintendo."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Thomas","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A23Z6PQ70NNBZP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"When making a sequel, you want to keep enough of the old for it to be familiar to returning players, but with enough new that it doesn't come across as tired and stale. Mario Kart 8 does this near flawlessly. At it's heart, you can feel what you loved about previous iterations. Returning players can pick up this game and feel right at home the minute they see the opening screen. You know this game... you love this game... it's like an old friend. And then you discover your old friend has made some very positive changes, and you like him or her even more. The new anti-gravity, water, and parasailing mechanics are completely unique to the series, yet fit. They simply FIT. There's no awkward adjustment, no \"getting used\" to the new styles... you hit the first corkscrew, and it simply belongs and you know it. The only minor quibbles I have are that the Battle Mode clearly didn't get the resource investment to give it its own flavor, settling for using racetracks instead of arenas... and it doesn't always work. In addition, while the lack of voice chat is a common problem I have with the Wii U... I also understand that Nintendo is trying to keep a family friendly gaming experience... and well... online players don't always do that very well. All in all, Mario Kart 8 is one of those few games that almost warrant purchasing an entire console for (bear in mind I don't think ANY single game makes a system seller). 9.9/10. Quite possibly the best racing game I've ever played."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Raymond Strazdas \"Are you a Raydiator?\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2LRZLQNAD7MPC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Length:: 2:07 Mins We all know what Mario Kart is about and Mario Kart 8 is certainly no different...at least in terms of gameplay. With tight controls, highly-detailed graphics and an incredible soundtrack, Mario Kart 8 is truly a work of art you have to see to believe. If you don't already own a Wii U, this is the reason to pick one up. It really is a major advancement for the series but Mario Kart 8 stays true to its incredibly fun and addicting roots! See you on the track! Enjoy the video!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brian Jason Espiritu","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ABT6J5D1944F","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The tracks are beautiful and the game is highly balanced. Mario Kart TV is much better than expected. Worth my money."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mike","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1F487XBK36YBH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Simply put.. One of the best games I have played in a long time. Beautiful graphics, and great gameplay. If you don't have a Wii U now is the time to get one."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jonathan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3DQ5C4W1N8JTG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is amazing I have put more time into it in one week than I have most of my other games. It's great fun with and without friends. The online is very fun even though it does have issue and seems to disconnect people randomly. There are some glitches with online that can and will hopefully be patched, when it does work it works great! I did not order this game from Amazon but I have never had a bad experience with them."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"StevyJ","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A19DKRIWW59HN4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very cool and very fun. Just as good or better than any other mario kart. I found the single player battle mode to be an improvement. Enjoy."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Alaedin K.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A38RZA0W30OKME","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Where do I start with this game! This game is so enjoyable and just about anyone can pick it up and play! Literally two five year olds picked up this game and within a matter of minutes had the controls down! Hats off to Nintendo for that! This is a great family game! For starters I want to point out that if you register this game with Club Nintendo, you receive one of the four following games for FREE! Legend of Zelda Wind Waker HD Pikimin 3 Wii Party U Super Mario Bros. U Be sure to register your code before July 31st to receive this special promotion, as you are getting two games for under $60! Ok. On to the controllers. With this game you can use any combination of the Wii U Gamepad, Pro Controller, or Wii Plus Controller. This is not like Super Mario Bros. U, where if you use the Gamepad, you aren't actually using it or can use it to play if you are using a combination of the other controllers to play. The Wii U Gamepad functions like a regular controller in combination of the other controllers. Plenty of reviewers have covered the gameplay so I won't touch on that much. The one nuisance that I have found in this game is the powerups. If you are in the lead, forget about getting any sort of speed boosters! You will either continuously get green shell or coin. I think this is Nintendo's way of trying to keep the game balanced, but considering that you can get blue shelled at any point, it would be nice to get a speed booster to get ahead enough to where you can recover without everyone passing you. The Game is divided into 3 different types of cup races. 50cc, 100cc, and 150cc. Most players will blast through 50cc with 3 stars no problem! The 100cc is much tougher and the 150cc is nightmarish if you haven't mastered the tracks! The online multiplayer aspect of the game is wonderful. For anyone who just picked up the game, I suggest playing through all three, 50cc, 100cc and 150cc and trying to get all three stars before playing online multiplayer. I started right after finishing the 50cc and placed last almost every time. I thought I was something special after easily finishing the 50cc portion of the game but I wasn't. The game has a very balanced feel to it and it is rather enjoyable! Call of Duty will continue to collect dust for a while because this game is hard to put down! You don't have to be a fan of the Mario Kart series to enjoy this. This is my first Mario Kart game since the N64 and I am so glad I picked it up. Games like this make are what make the Wii U a worthy purchase! If you have any questions that I may not have covered, please feel free to ask and I hope this review helped!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Credomatic Gane Premios \"Evelio Hidalgo\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SRGA8G57OEP2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A video game wonderful, vibrant colors, perfect gameplay, IA overwhelming. Simply a work of art. Highly addictive. Proffers not stop playing."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ahmed Ali Jahrami","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3R7TA8QWAMDGQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Yes, i owned every nintendo device since the very beginning , and when the wii u came out last year i had it within the very same week, i do not regret getting the device due to its potential and unique exclusive games, so to cut the long story let me tell you a few things about MK8 1) Highly addictive and i mean highly addictive as you will be racing to get to first place. 2) The HD makes it a very beautiful atmospheric game to play especially since the game comes with alot of option. 3) Wii u owners or those who do not own one, please get it. you will not regret it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kaike","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1HMZSNXP2MC8L","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I am a huge fan of all past Mario Kart games and this one did not disappoint! The game features the same great gameplay as the previous Mario Kart 7, amazing HD graphics, new creative and vivid levels and a great online feature. New characters with customizable vehicles add to the experience when playing this game and the different diffuculties (50cc, 100cc, 150cc) are great for beginner to advanced players."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tyler Bailey","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A21H129L0SZXNI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is the best game in the series. Period. It's fun, innovative, beautiful and brilliantly designed. The difficulty is just right, as I easily won 1st place in every track in the 50cc cups, but it starts to get more hectic with 100cc and 150cc. Don't even get me started on Mirror Mode. There is so much attention to detail in this game, and there are even references to past games and characters. I almost feel like it's impossible to notice it all. The music is so diverse, almost all of it having been recorded live by a big band production. Anti-gravity adds a surprising amount of depth to the gameplay and really gives a sense of awe (being flipped upside down and driving around Peach's castle is simply stunning.) Online mode is quick and simple. I can join a party and begin a new race in about 15 seconds (most of that time being taken up by people deciding which track they want to vote for), which is pretty awesome. If you are on the edge about buying a Wii U, don't be. This game (and the console itself, honestly) is worth it the money and time. It has so much heart and effort put into it that deserves to be experienced by everyone. Other games such as Super Mario 3D World, Pikmin 3, Zombi U, Wind Waker HD and Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze are also worth taking a look at as well. Overall, this game is fantastic. If you have a Wii U, I highly suggest buying it. If you don't, I highly suggest buying a Wii U for this game. 10/10"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lourdes Perez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39MBMJ3DZ47B","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I haven't played my wii u as much as i do know. I constantly im playing the game. Finally the wii u has a game truly worth my time. Endless fun with friends, online, and solo. Great game, you wont regret your purchase."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"easey","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJLZYK042NN7Z","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game manages to maintain everything that makes Mario Kart great, plus adds additional features that make it even better. New items and new anti gravity mode are great additions. Also, this game really feels like Nintendo is stepping into the light when it comes to online capabilities. You no longer need friend codes. You use Nintendo Network which , in this game, operates just as good as xbox live or PSN. You can also post your video replays straight to Youtube from in game!!. Nintendo is even making a smartphone app that will allow others to view your game highlights from their phone or tablet. I'm not some one who basis the greatness of a game based on its graphics like a lot of the young bucks do. However, if I was that type of person, I would not be disappointed with the graphics of Mario Kart 8. The graphics are amazing. If this game was made on the xbox one or PS4 it would not look any better. That is how good it is. Trust me, if you like Mario Kart or are even curious about this iconic game, pick it up. You won't regret it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Hilary","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1JCUWOOBUZT8W","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I am, by no means, a video game aficionado, but the new Mario Kart for Wii U was the absolute perfect blend of new/flashy/\"ooh-look-at-that\" and old Kart nostalgia. Like many, I grew up playing Mario Kart 64 and this game has fun references and re-imagined levels that will not disappoint!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ICEY","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BIW7OOP00TAC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The game is amazing between the fluidity of the controls to the marvelous HD! I already have 8+ hours of gameplay into this! The controls an the features (anti-gravity, coins, Para gliders, propellers, and bikes) were the primary reasons as to what got me excited for the game! The only thing that seems to be making people unhappy was the change in the battle mode. I honestly love the change and the idea that you can finally save replays, edit them, and upload them! Lastly, the controls! I literally found Mario kart Wii fun but, the only issue I found was the un-balanced vehicle system. Mario kart 8 balances the vehicle system! All the factors stated (and more when you find out in the game!) were the reasons this was a must have game! A must have for a gamer, Mario kart player (even first timers), Mario kart fan, or Mario fan!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Stuart Thomas","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2IA1VZ6PP43UG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"So i didn't buy this game from Amazon, only because i knew my local store would have it on day one. So i go to to the store and to my dismay they say sorry our shipment didn't show up or something, but the lady said \"you're like the 10th person to ask for it, sorry\". On the off chance that they're was a miracle i went back at 12 and low and behold they got the box in and so i was able to buy it. Got it home, my nephews were griping they didn't want to play, but my son did and he fired it up and i sat down ready to give him a run for his money. Well not 2 seconds later everyone's asking for a controller and I'm kicked to the kirb. But it was amazing, these guys were laughing and enjoying themselves, i was getting anxious to play myself. But when i did boy you were not gunna get me off. This brought back all those super mario kart memories, where everything seems fresh and new and exciting, mario kart wii didn't do that for me, but Mario Kart 8 is absolutely fantastic, AND YOU GET A FREE DIGITAL DOWNLOAD OF ANOTHER GAME! AND KMART WAS OFFERING $40 back in points if you bought the bundle (as of time of writing). So ok i already owned a WII U, i'm a day 1 adopter and i actual had all of the games, PIKMIN 3, NSMBU, WII U PARTY and WINDWAKER HD, but i still took the opportunity to get me nintendo points and a digital copy of WW HD so now i can play it without the disc. This game really makes the WII U stand out. Great Graphics and Fantastic Gameplay, what a combo. This is my all time favorite WII U Game, followed by WindWaker HD, Super Mario 3d World, PIKMIN 3 all of these games are pretty solid. The free digital game offer my not last forever but it's definitely a welcome way of marketing a product. Id your thinking of buying a WII U, now is the time, get the MK8 Bundle, it's a steal and worth every penny."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jessica","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3KI4IQJ88TG19","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Finally, Nintendo has boosted the Wii U with a quality update to the Mario Kart franchise. There isn't a lot of \"new\" per-se, but the added anti-gravity sections of courses are great fun and the expansion of character weight classes, karts and parachutes make for a lot of well-deserved innovation on the gameplay."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Phantom","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3Q0YHUSFHY8W1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is easily my favorite Mario Kart game in the series. The visuals and frame rate are top notch and character reactions are humorous. Online play and unlockable mods add high replay value. The controls are smooth and the music is great. In-game items have changed a bit for the better. I highly recommend this title for any Wii U owner. If you don't own a Wii U, this game is a reason to purchase one."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joshb1983","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2OCWFJAPFUXU2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I've played every game in the Mario Kart series, and I've owned all but two. I can say without hesitation that Mario Kart 8 is my second favorite in the series! (Double Dash is still my favorite.) This game is so amazing! The level of detail alone is mind blowing, but the fun factor is phenomenal! Control is tight and smooth, even when using motion controls. Graphics and art are second to none, and that includes games on more powerful systems! This is the definitive game for Wii U, and one that every gamer... Nay, every PERSON, needs to play!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"jermaine martin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3HON1O0OEOSQG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"anybody the owns a wii u should have this game. dont judge this game off of someone else's review see it for yourself youtube does this game no justice."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tony Czech","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2CFFS4T7JB740","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is super fun. Expected nothing less. Only gripe: no fun battle maps. Takes a lot of fun out of multi-player"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"brian j warner \"warnergrape\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A6SSC3F7QYYM1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Since i got this game i haven't been able to put my gamepad down. The characters are easier to get and rather than using karts they pre made you get to make your own karts using various pieces. The only thing they could have done to make it even better would be to add more stages, more characters, and more parts. They could have added better characters than Baby Rosalina and pink gold peach, and being its the next gen they could have added more tracks for us to race than the 32 we usually get but that's just my opinion. This is a must have game for people who love racing and Mario kart games."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cornflake Girl \"Andrea\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A249M5F4GD1Y8R","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I waited for this game for like 3 months and I was not disappointed. The graphics are great. HD is awesome. The new characters are great, as well as the new karts and gliders. I also like that new options unlock the more levels you beat. The graphics are just unbelievable. They redid a lot of boards from previous Mario Kart versions (like Donut Plains 3 from the original SNES game) and it's just awesome to see how they look with Wii U graphics. I have only a couple of gripes. They don't time the races. There is no clock at all (for Grand Prix). So you're only ranked based on a point system per your rank at the end of the race. But there is no way to know how many seconds you beat your friend by, and no way to know which lap you did the fastest. You are totally not timed at all and I miss that. Also, there is no rank you can get at the end of each race that would allow you to repeat that race. Previous games of Mario Kart, if you ranked 5th or below, you didn't qualify to go forward and you got to do the race again. This allowed racers, if they saw they were gonna finish 3rd or 4th but wanted to do it over again, they could slow down and finish 5th, to get a chance at redoing the race. In this game, there are 12 racers (not 8) per race (again, in Grand Prix mode). And no matter WHAT rank you're in when you finish, you get a certain number of points and on to the next race. I don't like that. I always liked being able to slide into 5th place and then redo the race over again if I wanted. Other than that I love it. And Nintendo is offering a free game if you register your Mario Kart 8 before July I think. I got Pikmin 3! I repeat: Awesome."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mackejn","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AL0MNRNBKA5M8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I bought my Wii U a while back for this, LEGO City Undercover, and the upcoming Smash Bros game. I cannot recommend the new Mario Kart enough. It alone would be worth purchasing a Wii U. The first weekend I bought the game, I had 5 friends come over and rotated through playing. It was one of the best gaming experiences I've had in forever. It also has great single player and online multiplayer if you can't get friends in one location. The game is visually stunning. The game play is addictively entertaining. There are a number of unlockables. (characters and car parts) Multiple difficulties ranging from exceptionally easy to frustratingly hard. I haven't had this much fun with a game in a long time."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"M. Cervantes \"Macks99\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2KA27UB363RNG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game... A lot of the same tracks but with better graphics plus a lot more extras. Hours of fun"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Steven St. Clair","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ZF9FYD6R9M1X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have been a big Mario Kart fan ever since the first game on SNES. This is my favorite so far! The track design is amazing,and the level of detail in the tracks, carts, bikes, character animations etc is truly epic. I've been on the fence about getting a Wii U but this was the game that finally made me bite. I picked up the complete Mario Kart 8 Wii U bundle. If you are a fan of Mario Kart or a newcomer this is a truly amazing addition to an already great franchise."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Steve","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3XHLHWS2RM40","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The game that everyone was waiting for has now arrived and it is epic but I do hope they bring some form of DLC like characters or tracks"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Edwing G.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A34QLGBVU4INHJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is great! Nintendo did a fantastic job making this game. They incorporated old and new tracks into this game from many different Nintendo Mario Kart systems, there are also many new characters available to be unlocked. In total there are about 32 different maps, all equally as fun. I would suggest this to anyone looking for a fun game to play with friends and family!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brandon Edington","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3K7H5W28OB1X5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Such a great new twist on this series. Looks to be a great experience, opening it on my birthday, but I know I will love it. Great reviews from independent gaming sites. Can't wait!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Alexander \"#1\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1PBVUEH8Y0I3P","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love Mario Kart Series! This one is the best one so far other than the SNES one. Love the new items and the new tracks. I think the only down side (not an actual down side) is to revisit more of the GC tracks and SNES ones. Overall 5/5!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kendall Lovett","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3OO1YLBRJMC9Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I have been continually impressed with Nintendo's Wii U games. This is a great Mario Kart- possibly the best one yet. Controls are comfortable, the customization options add a lot more depth, and the multiplayer/ online play is really fun. I'd maybe knock off half a star because the new battle mode isn't quite as fun as it could've been, but I've been playing with friends and actually haven't missed it yet. Off-TV play is also a nice perk of the gamepad."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2L0LYAC3B1CGH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is the best Mario Kart game yet. Seriously. Gameplay: Same as the original SNES formula, Mario Kart 8 has you playing as various characters from the Mario franchise, but there are minor changes made over the years that make this a much better and fuller game experience from the original. Mario Kart 8 combines gameplay features added in previous titles: Drifting for boosts (64), Kart and Bike choices (GameCube), Motion controls and doing stunts off of ramps (Wii), gliding and driving underwater (3DS) and now anti-gravity (Wii U). It is simply a blast to race and it all feels very fast paced. Graphics: Upscaled to 1080p, and in 60 frames per second for 1 or 2 players, the game looks beautiful. There are many little details in the road, the background of the tracks, and in the drivers themselves that take time to notice. They took great care with adding details to many different nooks of the game. Note: It drops to 30 frames per second for 3 or 4 player races, but this is still very much playable. Controls: Literally every controller option imaginable can be used for Mario Kart 8. Gamepad, Wii remote, remote with nunchuck, Wii Pro Controller, Classic Controller, and the Wii U Pro Controller. Online: Free online play and it's easy to join an online game. There is no voice chat, but that's a positive for many players. Extras: Added in the game is Mario Kart TV, where players can share and upload replays from their past races. The game actually saves nearly 16 previous race data and replays can be edited to focus on different features. The game allows users to upload directly to youtube. Summary: If you have ever enjoyed Mario Kart and if you ever want a great couch multiplayer game, buy Mario Kart 8. It's amazing."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brad","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2T3Y25YLPDUC1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The game got to its destination earlier than expect by two days :) The product is in great condition. Also like the updates through track showing where the product was currently at. All and all i'm pleased with my service thank you."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ross","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AX3MEE3YS163W","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great game to play online or with family. The looks good and it runs smooth on the Wii U. I highly recommend MK8 and the Wii U."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ryan Sil. (Gamer & PC/Android indie dev)","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2TCG2HV1VJP6V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you want the short version of my review, it's this: IT'S FRICKIN' MARIO KART!!! Of COURSE you'll have a lot of fun with it! The longer version goes something along the lines of this: Holy CRAP! Even after eight games in the series, or ELEVEN if you count the three arcade crossovers with Pac-Man, the Mario Kart series is still alive and kicking on the Wii U! Mario Kart 8 elevates pretty much everything we've come to know and love about the series by featuring all sorts of crazy new courses and features, while also keeping what did work in past games such as the gliders and underwater portions a la Mario Kart 7. The anti-gravity feature makes me wish there was a new F-Zero game, but it works remarkably well in Mario Kart, making some tracks feel even more like thrill rides than they already are! There's also a few new items borrowed from Mario's latest 3D whereabouts, but one interesting new addition is an item that not only creates a small \"BOOM!\" effect around you, but it also gets rid of the oncoming blue shell about to inflict pain! However, the game is surprisingly more balanced than before. Yeah, there'll be some of the usual cheap shots caused by thrown items, but I've only ever seen a blue shell appear onscreen once per track at MOST - Sometimes, there won't even be one at all. The game also moves at a much snappier pace, as Lakitu picks you back up from the track before you even completely fall into water or lava, and your kart hardly flies up into the air when you get hit by something. If there's one nitpick I have, it's the fact that Coins can be selectable in the item roster. Why? Not only are they scattered on the tracks, but I could only imagine what else I should have gotten instead. Meanwhile, the tracks themselves are outright gorgeous! If there's any game on the Wii U that shows its graphical capabilities, it's Mario Kart 8. I haven't seen a game look this good since Super Smash Bros. Brawl! It's extremely appealing to see how classic tracks from older Mario Kart games have evolved here. If it's not their updated looks that'll grab you, it's gonna be how they are designed. Case in point: Toad's Turnpike from Mario Kart 64 - Not only do you get to ride on the sides of some of the walls, but a few of the trucks also carry speed ramps, and there are item boxes roaming the roads, too! Or how about Sherbet Land from Double Dash? While the nightly scenery is dazzling, the real kicker is how there are brand-new underwater sections that serve as alternate routes for when you do not want to go on the ice-filled top parts! If there's one classic track that is worsened in Mario Kart 8, it's Yoshi Valley from 64. It's still a very fun track to play, but it's not as unique anymore. Not only are the Spiny obstacles absent, but the whole mystery aspect of the course (wondering who's in what ranking) is eliminated. Still, every single track in the classic cups is a blast and mostly made even better with Mario Kart 8's new mechanics to the point where they almost feel like new tracks. And now to discuss the new tracks! Holy HECK, they are fun! Regardless of what Mario game out there you say is lacking in the ideas department, there's no way you can call Mario Kart out on it, especially this new one! Where else can you have fun racing around in a water park, an airport, a neon-lit disco palace, or a city that's very reminiscent of the first level of Sonic Adventure 2 (Or should I say San Francisco)? These tracks put Mario Kart's imagination to the test, and it really manages to be successful on that front! With emphasis on the anti-gravity and gliding/underwater racing, the tracks can be enjoyably wacky and twisted, and it's fun to see even places like Bowser's Castle incorporate curvy tunnels! What's not as fun to see, though, is...well...the Battle mode. Instead of giving us battle arenas exclusive to this mode, we instead have a quarter of the racing tracks to battle on. Yes, the Battle mode itself can be fun, but the tracks are too wide and not as fun to roam around in as arenas made FOR this kind of play style. On top of that, the new characters in the selectable character roster are not as interesting of additions as the many other Mario characters that could be chosen instead. Yeah, the Koopalings are probably a given by this point, but did we need a baby version of Rosalina, or a metallic Peach? And why are Metal Mario and Lakitu still here? Ah, well. Despite those things, Mario Kart 8 is incredible. There's still no other kart-racing series that could handle or pack as much fun as the series that started it all, and that series hasn't being going anywhere but up!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"William Springer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A27FTLIJ7N8G9V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I don't play a lot of racing games, but I've always loved Mario Kart; previously I've played it on the Super Nintendo and the original Wii. The new version is pretty much what you would expect: nothing groundbreaking, but more of the same. I don't get games for the graphics, but I have to say they're pretty nifty (and when you watch the highlights reel you can see the characters making faces and otherwise reacting to each other). The controls are pretty much the same as the Wii; once I had the game in, I pulled out one of my old Wii wheels, popped in a wiimote, and started playing. The courses include remakes of courses in older versions of the game (and each one shows you the system it was introduced on) as well as new courses. There are some interesting new items (including one that can actually fend off that @$% blue turtle shell). Driving options now include ATVs as well as the existing karts and bikes, and some courses have anti-gravity. The biggest change I've noticed from earlier versions, aside from the new battle mode (discussed below) is that Lakitu seems to pick you up right away when you fall off the track; no plummeting down to earth when you leave the rainbow road! So far I've only played the 50cc and 100cc races and got gold in most of them; I'm hoping the 150cc will be a little more challenging. Battle mode...this is what I don't like about the new game. I always enjoyed the battle mode arenas, but in Mario Kart 8 you just race around the usual tracks until either you lose your balloons or time runs out. There's also a bit of load time for each new race, but it's not too bad. Overall, this is a winner; it's not as good as, say, the new Donkey Kong Country, but it's definitely worth having. I went back and forth on whether to rate it four or five stars simply because of the battle mode issue; I finally decided to just call it 4.5 and round up."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ryan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A260SSASBXC090","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"In a way, it is kind of sad that we've had to wait this long for Mario Kart in HD, but it is very evident that Nintendo has spent a lot of time developing a well thought out game with amazing visual effects. The 1080p graphics are simply amazing (especially when playing 1 player mode) and I've noticed myself running off the track because I'm too busy checking out the background. The \"view highlights\" option at the end of each race shows you a quick video of some of the more interesting events of the race (and allows you to enjoy the visuals without risking a wreck). You also have the option of posting your race highlight video to Miiverse and YouTube. While I like using the GamePad to view the map, I wish there was a way to display just your own kart on the GamePad while playing multiplayer (Sonic All Stars racing allows this, and it's a lot nicer than trying to squint at one quarter of your TV). Other than this one issue, Mario Kart 8 is definitely a winner!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Fobapro \"FaBo\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AAWOBSZO3DSUQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game! I fully recommend it to everyone... I Think this is the best Mario Kart so far, Incredibly fun to play... Love Nintendo HD Graphics..."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Watermelon Meow Meow","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1BAE6217W78NS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The kids would play this all day and all night if we let them. The first couple of times I played it, I didn't think it was much different than Mario Kart Wii - but - I can't concentrate much when I'm racing on the improved graphics and gameplay. When you step back and watch others play it, you can really see the difference and the major improvements. This is a must buy, and if you loved past version of mario kart, it might even be worth it to get a Wii U just for this game if you don't have one. Happy Racing!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"OreoB","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1TN9Y5MGM4JWH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My nieces and nephews love this game. Their dad said they played it like 6 hours straight. The free game download, because I registered it before July 31,2014, is also awesome!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James T McKeown","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1DLC3FVYD1BKT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This installment of Mario Kart is some of the most fun I've ever had in any of the series' past titles. The option to bring 2 local players into online matches makes it a great couch game for local and multiplayer. Dusted off my Wii U for this one and I'm glad I did."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"anonymous","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A38AMVRGRZYEOK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is the best-looking Mario Kart game ever made, by far. I'm having a lot of fun going through the single player Grand Prix mode and just seeing the gorgeous tracks. The controls seem pretty tight and fun to use. Both the tablet and Pro controller work well. The multiplayer is easy to immediately jump into and play with up to 12 players. It can be tough, but it's a lot of fun being able to effortlessly play with other actual players. I have not had any connectivity problems whatsoever -- everything seems quick and seamless. I think this game would be great for couch co-op, but I haven't gotten a chance to try it out, yet. This game is a must-buy for any Wii U owner, and isn't a bad reason to buy a Wii U if you've been waiting. Until later in July, it comes with a free additional game if you register it with Nintendo. I'll be picking up a copy of Pikmin 3. Great value for $60!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tyler A Roberts","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AAELH63XYUM3G","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It plays just like the other mario karts, perfectly. I do miss wheelies on bikes, but the way items are divvied, I can understand why they ditched em. If you want a badass mario kart experience, with great graphics and controls, by all means treat yourself."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"808State","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A16WQFL9SOBFDY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Title says it all 2 player local with internet multiplayer with no monthly fees. The game is superbly colorful and fun too look at...The amount of fun playing with the family is priceless... 5 stars for mariokart 8"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Andres Quesada","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1SMJCXEAA69RS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game! Very addictive. Love all the multi-player options it has. I played this game since it was launched for Super Nintendo, going through Nintendo 64 and so on. The people behind the development of this game do keep its spirit, make improvements on the items you can use and of course the stunning graphics."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Carlos Castano","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MAG3PNJ6JGXM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Are you kidding me!!!??? I didn't think this series could get any better, but it did! The new gliding and anti-gravity parts are a lot of fun. And the Wii U graphics make this game look beautiful. Could've used a bit more imagination in selecting the hidden characters (metal versions of the main characters? Really!?), but it's a minor complaint."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kevin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3NYOH3ME8AWKT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I've been playing for 2 weeks now and I'm still enjoying this game. From the fast paced races, to the great soundtrack and the beautiful graphics. This is the best Mario Kart game as of now. Plus Free DLC of Mercedes-Benz cars, and 12$ DLC featuring Link from Zelda series, Villager from Animal Crossing, 8 new cars and 16 new stages"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Andrew Wong","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A20K45PNF693AS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is pretty fun, and it definitely is good for a small party of friends. My only issue with it is that it does get repetitive, and that Battle-Mode at the moment is bland. There are no Battle-Maps, so you go around a regular race track to shoot one-another, but this leads to poor gameplay with the need to U-turn on narrow courses."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jules","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2J0F4HRZIII9M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you are a mario kart fan, and have a Wii U, and you don't have this yet, I feel bad for you. I was expecting this to be kind of lame honestly, but I love it! Some of the levels are redone, but a lot aren't. The graphics look sleek and gorgeous (i mean, for nintendo), and can be down right distracting your first few play throughs."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Julie Benitez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GSBP5DTBT3TH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The game is basically what I expected it to be since I played on someone else's game before I bought it. Pros: Great graphics, fun tracks, anti-gravity feature, online play, drifting, lots of character and vehicle choices Cons: items are unfair (especially when CPUs use them), tilt controls provide less control"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"wakon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1UWFX9OW79EAG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A fascinating game about a Plumber who gathers his enemies into a mortal race where each participant is capable of doing what it takes to win the race. In an effort to humiliate the bad guys, the plumber is capable of betraying his friends and even his dinosaur pet. Played it with my friends for hours and had much fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jeff","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3P20OIFWBZQ6C","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you have a wii U you must buy this game. It is incredibly enjoyable hasn't left my system since day one. The anti gravity is a great addition to the series. The tracks are impressive in HD the changes to older tracks are also great, improving and completely changing the remakes. Excellent addition to the wii u library."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"JSonnega","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1P9F38AXG6FEU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"One of the best games for the Wii U...... Im 23 and this game has been a SMASH hit at the summer parties I have hosted, college friends and even older family members were having a BLAST. If you have a Wii U - you need to get this game! Some people I know bought a Wii U just for this game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Brady","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2N607UFKAA5MM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is awesome. It really accomplishes to rekindle the Mario Kart flame for me. My wife loves the game too, and we have a ton of fun playing together. Its challenging on 150cc, and for that reason takes a while to achieve all of the unlockables. This is the first must have game for Wii U in my opinion."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tim Bulow","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1SHS3XNNOQWZ6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great addition to the familiar Mario Kart franchise. There are quite a few carts, wheels, and gliders that you can unlock and customize for your experience. One of my favorite aspects of this game is the Mario Kart TV. It is cool when you see how you performed. I would highly recommend this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Adam","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BFGUK8W0H861","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"First Wii U game I played and it's awesome. It works perfect using the Wii mote with racing wheel. The controls even work well using the giant Wii U gamepad and you get a full display on the main gamepad of current race stats while racing. Uploading clips to Youtube works well and is entertaining too."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Brad Clayton","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AM3Q2Y56OOLE6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game for my 4 and 6 year old. They really enjoy playing it, and it's very low on violence or other things you want to keep away from little ones. Graphics are pretty good, but not mind boggling. Really, though, it's a game for kids, so its the gameplay and ease of control that make it great."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jason Castillo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BPKB6X21UQL7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Overall a great experience. Tight gameplay. It's just pure fun. The online mode works without issues. The only part that disappoints is the battle mode for the ridiculous large tracks. But besides that everything else is perfect. Now waiting for the upcoming DLC that i already bought, can't wait"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Rufio Quin \"olive august\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2DM8ONLI1EDEN","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"First off, let me say this review basically is for competitive and online gamers. Based solely on quality, this game would be 5 stars, as it is arguably the best kart racing game of all time. That being said... Nintendo baffles me at times. They have never exactly specialized in online play. As any of you know who play online, you have ranking points to the right of your name, or VR points. Before the August 27th update, the game would attempt to group you with players of similar rank. Now, it just seems to throw everyone together. I was at 8415 before the update, and now I have dropped to 7537. It's ridiculous. If you are above 7K, it seems that it's almost impossible to rank up significantly now. Most players I see online fall between 5,000 and 7,000 now. There used to be plenty of 9K+ players out there. I hardly see any now. It's kind of silly in the first place, that game that has so much to do with luck has a ranking system. You can be a very good MK player and get first one race, then dead last the next. It's essentially racing and playing cards. By playing cards, I am referring to the items. In other words, when playing online, this game has almost as much to do with luck as it does skill. I've never seen a game that rewards bad play so often ( a coin in first anyone... yeah that helps ) and rewards bad play. In last? Give them a few red shells or a lightning bolt. It should be totally random as to what item you get, no matter what place you are in. Now I realize many would say, \"just race and don't pay attention to the number.\" However, I'm sure many competitive gamers completely understand where I am coming from when I say it's hard to ignore that number. They created a ranking system. If you are competitive, you're going to care about it, and want to rank up. However, after this update, that aspect of the game is so broken, I hardly find myself wanting to play much anymore. Looking forward to the new tracks still..."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Anthony P","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A302RRO1ERDGNS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I bought on the free games promo deal for my little brother who is 13 and also wanted something that is very family friendly (not a big fan of shoot-em-up games for teenagers these days) ....he seems to really enjoy this title and see him play it allot with his friends. No complaints so far."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jennifer Felton","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A199968JC2ELJD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I've never really been a fan of racing games. But this was purchased for the kids and we love to play it as a family. By far the best racing game I've ever played. And the sounds of the kids' giggles as they go through the different courses definitely makes it worth every penny!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"manib86","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LRPOR2UZDG97","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My husband bought me a Wii U and this game for our anniversary this year. It has been so much fun to play! It's a great game to play with friends even though the evil blue shells end friendships. This is the fourth version of Mario Kart I have played and it is definitely my favorite."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Misti Miller","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1RXEHH7WA3LZL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is SOOOOOOO fun. I loved Mario Kart on the old Wii and this one is 1000x better. The graphics are awesome and the courses are fun. The most fun playing online with other people. It can be very challenging. I'm excited for the new courses and characters coming in Nov!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"M. Sibrel \"MacsMa\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3516ARQBVZWQN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great graphics! Love the multitude of cart and race configurations. And the edit playback function is fun! See and store your races, concentrating on just action or items, for instance, take out the SFX and hit slow-mo to see what's really happening. Most fun Mario Kart yet!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"papaya38","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATQOX56QY27FO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I was hesitant at first to spend $60 having bought four or five MK games in the past, but we've had so much fun playing it with the kids that is definitely worth the cost of a family movie night. You can play up to four players at once and it works with old Wii remotes too."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Grizelda \"grizzy\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2A1P9DJ0ODNBC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The perfect game for playing with friends - especially good for friends who aren't \"video-game-heads\" because the controls are so simple, and the learning curve wonderfully easy. It's also nice because each race is only a few minutes - allowing for easy stop/starts."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Hector Cruz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AD50ZSU4A8J10","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fantastic game just recently bought a wii u for super smash bros wii u and the new zelda so I bought this with the wind waker wii u bundle and I am blown away the beatiful crisp 60 fps hd graphics if you are uncertain about the wii u this will change your mind take my word"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Doozy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GQO2DLUKD63P","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I found this to be more fun than Mario Kart Wii. I love the customization for the karts from Mario Kart 7. Online is pretty smooth for the most part and the graphics looks very nice and vibrant. The controls are pretty good, much better than Mario Kart Wii in my opinion."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Devin Guillory","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1EBB5O16LA5R2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I bought this game along with the system and my small family can't get enough of it! We have a 4 year old daughter and she has as much fun with it as we do. The controls are very intuitive and the graphics are beautiful. Well worth the price for some great family fun!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rini CS","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A28P4QRO3QMN0F","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I mean, why are you waiting any longer? This game not only brings you back to earlier titles, but still holds that excitement. It's not \"just\" another Mario Kart game. It's an absolutely fun game that you can lose hours in. It's just fun, plain and simple fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ted Hanes","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A13NJVK2QNNB9F","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This a fun game with great graphics and the best in the Mario Kart franchise in my opinion. Bought it for 2 boys (age 8 and and 6). They have enjoyed playing it. The 8 year old took to the game right away, but the 6 year old has had trouble with steering the cars."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Bic \"fpoon\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RAGRPK6OE8AW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Most fun racing game currently available on any platform. Almost worth the purchase of a Wii U (check craiglist, you can get a steal on a used one) by itself. Tons of classic tracks from other Nintendo platfroms (SNES, 64, GC, GBA, etc.) and a bunch of new ones."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Vincent Bellington","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1INIS2OATEIA9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you don't get a kick out of this well-made family friendly cart racing game, there's something wrong with you. Solidly designed, packed with beautiful details, it's the Mario Kart we all know and love but in HD and at 60 frames per second. What's not to love?"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ann Murillo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ZYBTBRCJ6QBU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is an amazing game to have at parties! Everything starts out fine and the party gets swinging! As the night progresses, friendships fall apart as everything becomes a bit more competitive. Perfect for hosts like me, who don't want parties to get too rowdy."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jenn245","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A27YABHTX0CZPU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Not only do My kids love this game. I LOVE TO challenge them in a race. It's kid & adult friendly. You can use the Wii Mote or you can get the add on to the remote, the steering wheel and it help's if you have a problem steering. A great gift for anyone!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Sam M","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AODILQ6C9YU5I","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I grew up with Mario Kart, so I had to buy to buy this for my nephew. We enjoyed playing it, but I don't know, maybe cause I'm older, but I feel like it's missing something compared to the N64 version. It's still fun but it's not as good as it used to be,"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Najee S.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AD1YJWA0C57F5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"An excellent game that is pretty much the closest thing to Mario Kart 64 out there. All I can hope for is more tracks to be added later and I'd say this game would be pretty much perfect. But for what I was hoping for and what I got, I'm terribly pleased."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brandon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LPTQVNA04UOZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is great. Its just what you would expect from Mario Kart. The game looks great and plays great. My only complaint is when you play 2 players you can't play one person on the tv and one person on the gamepad, it forces you to play split screen."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"B. Bates \"BB\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ARB9P5GRERMKT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a fantastic game. The graphics are great and the ability to customize the cars makes it even more fun. Personally, my family loves our Wii U and this is one of our favorite games that we play nearly daily (and we aren't big videogame people)."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"I. Manzanares \"NM Ninja\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3H67OKJ1BMCOH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game, the graphics are beautiful, the control is more realistic than previous mario karts, which could be bad depending on how much you had with the previous versions... the only thing that sucks is you have to buy additional tracks/characters..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"G-officus","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AURYKVFIRHICC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"60 fps, multiple unlockable characters, and many new/ classic tracks make this mario kart one of the best yet... Except for battle mode. There are no arenas made for battle mode; only driving on the existing tracks, hitting each other as you drive by."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Pinkribbon20","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1I8N725TH7Z7M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this new version of the game! My only negative would be that it doesn't work as well with the wheel as some of the older versions. The game pad works well with it, though, so that makes up for it a bit. Still so much fun for the whole family."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kirk Jacobs","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1HBANHYPSI8KE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"THE BEST PARTY GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED! So much fun. If you don't own a WiiU yet...why not? Get one, and then get this. My friends can't stop talking about coming over to play, and my mom even loves it. Nintendo looks so awesome in HD."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1NGG2HUHVE5IR","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Good game, my children enjoy it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jenny","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3L883J4C76RL1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game. I babysit my nephews at night regularly, 6 and 8, and we play it almost every night they're over before we go to bed. My 54 year old mother also thoroughly enjoys the game too. I have certainly gotten my monies worth out of this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"LemonKeyLime","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A22C4V6AXZ9PQO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"An awesome update to the Mario Kart series. The controls are much better than in the Wii version, and the menus much easier to use. It also features downloadable content coming out soon, with more of what I like: characters, vehicles, and tracks."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"KJ Ash","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A28ODL8BCEA1AK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"my son loves this game. He has played it for hours on end and has Mario Kart gatherings all the time with his friend. I like that it doesn't have adult content like a lot of other video games and is fun to play whether or not you are an expert."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"jennifer Lawson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A152P9FXWLA7EC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I bought this game for my son and he was pleased but he stopped playing it the minute he saw me playing the mario and Luigi mario bros game and i told him that I will be buying another system for his little sister they both like the game Pad."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"The Villain","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1OK1LBDKS8Z9Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The best Mario Kart ever. The online is great, the courses are great, the controls are great. The only downer is the battle mode still not being as good as Mario Kart 64's, but alas. A great purchase and a must-have for any Wii U owner."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Average Consumer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1821ALU3FKINQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"OMG this is the best Mario Kart ever. It's worth getting the new console if you don't already have it. And will new and upcoming downloadable content, tracks, racers, etc - it's longevity will last. The best is playing with friends online."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"GomeRyan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A332VOAEVDXWQD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is everything you want in a Wii U Mario Kart Game. The only thing I don't like is that you can't hold on to an item and still get another one for backup. I'm not sure why they changed that, but it's a pretty minor complaint."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Elizabeth","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AEZC4GO6II2NE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"love the game it super awesome and its a great game to play with your family and friends and a few dollars cheaper then the store even when it new that never hurt either, and thank you so much amazon this is one happy customer."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"nikroh","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2DSK1S8DMBQDU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Kids are definitely enjoying this game but maybe not as much as the whole family enjoyed Mario Kart 1. The game quality and clarity is good . Kids are saying that this version is not as easy to play compared to the original one"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"erica8123","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3B23E9UAR2SZE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The kids and I love this on the WII U and the coolest thing was if you register with eNinetendo you get a free game. I had all the ones offered besides Pikman 3. The kids and I are really excited and enjoy both games a lot!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brian Petruska","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1F8X3GPKYJ58Y","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 WAHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO This is truly a worthy Mario Kart I can't stop racing. I seem to be interested in only one thing. All I talk about, all I seem capable of thinking about......is automobile racing."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Thomas Sprouse","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2NRNCFB8S0OXE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Really fun game to play single player or online. Singl player is a good challenge on the 150cc karts and online multiplayer is a great time and a good challenge. I hope nintendo does patch in some kind of voice chat."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Linda","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ARYVUWK69CPJY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great price. Just looked up to see what Amazon was charging for this one and was so amazed at the price I decided that my Son would love to have his own copy instead of borrowing his friend's copy all the time. LOL"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Logan Rodzen \"Logan Rodzen\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AENQYWH4KYUE4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My wife absolutely loves Mario Kart and has since she was a child. This game brings back many memories for her and she absolutely loves the new version for Wii U. A must-buy for anyone whose a major Nintendo fan!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Matthew Forrester","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AAPVGJS2W9ROL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"In my opinion the best wii u game thus far and has replay value of over and over again. Great for up to 4 players split screen! I recommend buying wii plus remote with wii wheel. Best to play with motion control."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Crystal Barrera","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A19R5LCSQUHDB0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My kids thought this was the most fun game they had played. They played for hours when we got it. My sons are five and eight and they would challenge each other. If you have kids they will like to play this..."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"gamelover","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1HGA09IL95262","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I grew up playing nintendo and super nintendo. This game bring back a lot of my childhood memories. I didn't get the first wii but I got the wii u just for this game. The gameplay is awesome with nice graphics."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Schmedy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3QWY2UECEVHDO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"MY kids and I love this game, this is 10x better then the previous ones, we spend hours playing this, my daughters are 9 and 12 and I am 42 and we love it. Not only is it fun, but graphics are excellent too."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Abby j","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ALQAELDFC64T3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart is a staple for any wii u owner's collection. You can spend plenty of time doing the standard Grand Prix and trying to unlock all the characters and vehicles, but playing online is great as well."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"TJ","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1D5I693VSA0U2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Kids love it, and when they aren't around, I have to find distractions to avoid the addiction. Great game, although the 8 is a nightmare at times to control--I hear that's only a problem for adults, though."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kadie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A13BHXN3UMURH6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent game made by the infamous Nintendo. They're kart games always impress, and this is no exception! I got the DLC and I can't wait to play as an animal crossing villager! Highly recommend this game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jesse M. Lara","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29D6OTBZB98GN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this game! it clearly tops any of the Mario Karts graphics wise, and the new items in it are awesome. All around great game, for the whole family, if you have a family who likes to play video games"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"yousef","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AW6COA7ZMQCS7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"loved this game, tracks are easier than other mario kart games but graphics and music are awesome, the game has a mature touch in comparision with other mario kart games. I totally recommend this game :)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"DustinPrime \"ChristianMusicMan\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1R7NLB4SC21A4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is the best Mario Kart game yet! Great Graphics, tons of playable characters and Kart customizations, and lots of great tracks. Definate Buy if you own a Wii U...if you don't, buy one for this game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Juan Benzan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AP0F5Q1C9ZKIT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is the best game for the wii u that is out right now, i play it almost every single day with my friends, we all love to group and play this nintendo masterpiece!! everybody should check it out. :P"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"L. Roques","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1Z64GVDFKTK9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's Mario Kart 8! The Wii U game I've been waiting for! Forget the other \"next gen\" systems! Mario is only on Wii U, runs at a glorious 60fps in 1080p. Super fast. Super fun. Super worth it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"B. Popa","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2D6AS3HOLAKGZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is another great game published by Nintendo. If you played any of the previous games in the series, you know what you're in for. Fun local multiplayer. Lots of cool items and upgrades to unlock."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John Mei","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FRH0NTTIVY6M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My kids loves this game. Nice multi-players game that the family really enjoys. Great fun game that you don't need to worry about any unsuitable contents that are very comment in games these days."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"B. McHenry \"Artayous\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A11S9JZZOVO9CJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game has everything from old to new. It continues the time honored tradition of all the prior Mario Karts while ushering in a new game mechanic that puts it in a league of its own."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Robert C McNeill Jr","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1TD6QMM1P9INS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a well made game for sure, but I will say that it is over-hyped. I don't find myself going back to it often, it is definitely only replayable with family or friends, and only for so long."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Phil P","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A27Z87MLGJ9HD7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is amazing. Bought the Wii U just for this game and it was well worth it. It's so fun my wife even got in the action. I'm 33 and have no shame playing this on my days off. 10 out of 10."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ming","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2Y7O34WFE0X0X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I bought this game when I still could download free games from Nintendo eshop. Mario Kart 8 is a really good game. I spend a lot of time on it. The picture quality is good, and the game is funny."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Richard","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1AQMC7240N7CF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Right now this is a Christmas gift. So I'll have to wait to play it :(. But I've played it at a friend's house and it's better then I thought it would be. It will be a great game for the family."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AGIU6T3UZR7MM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Got this for $40 with free digital download of windwaker HD. A total steal at that price. Great game with upgraded visuals. Never a dull moment playing with my daughter. Highly recommend."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Max A. Haider","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3VL5P07SVL6BE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is my wife's favorite game now. It's Mario Kart. The racing courses are good, but they screwed up battle mode. Not a heck of a lot of battling actually happens in battle mode any more."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Shelly","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RZ1B9B5A6TYF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Everyone who has a Wii U should get this game. It is probably the best game made for the Wii. All courses were updated. The ability to play online against people internationally. I love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jorge Garcia Espinosa","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3ARHTO32LIL0Z","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Great game from me child"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dave D.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LO8I10GGVWP9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The single-player game is short, but the graphics are amazing! Was able to get a free game from Nintendo with the included code. Would highly recommend to anyone."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"MJ","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A30PJL13TE3QK4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Barely played the game yet, but just the first 30 minutes of play was excellent. Music, mechanics, new features are all great. The new mods for the cars are the best part of the game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Shawn Cunningham","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A12TL9CO5AZWNY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"One of the best Mario Kart games ever, the only thing that I wish it had was the special items for each individual character like in Mario Kart Double Dash. Otherwise, perfect game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ruben","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ABN1WR9NV2C79","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome Game ! On easy mode it's easy and on hard mode, yup it's hard. Great game to play with the family, everyone will have fun racing and hitting each other with turtle shells!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Izzy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2EWARI48PDINP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you've got memories of one of the earlier Mario Karts this one is much more in depth with its car choices and characters. a very good choice for people who have alot of friends."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Beth Franzen \"Husker Beth\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQUGXTBD484HY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My grandchildren love Mario games and are very pleased with the new adventures, maps and challenges in Mario Kart 8. They can't wait for it to come out in Nintendo DS3 format also."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Steven S. Abadi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2FOOWE5E379J2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"bought this for a coworkers son because he wanted it for the holidays, he loved it and his father told me he dosnt stop playing now, win for me and the gamer, loss for the dad :S"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"MV","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AG9L6WQTJT5BN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"People say this is a great game. I say it is fun, but doesn't live up to the hype. And yes I've spent WAY too much time on all the previous mario kart games that came before."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jacob","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2C8U1JJ8UXMUX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game, good selection of characters to play as. 150cc can actually be challenging and annoying at times, the AI really has it out for you no matter what place you are in."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Enrique","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A4HRKYZLXCA0M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"So addicting and competitive! From the music to the spectacular details this game will get you hooked! The online gaming interface is very user friendly. Highly recommended!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Claudia Rodriguez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1JR3NFJ7BILH","Helpful Votes":"1.0/1.0","Review":"Excelent all good :D"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Aaron","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2QJU0WPETIAVU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I don't really have many complaints, except battle mode, and the voting system on online multiplayer is just stupid. But overall great game and a must own for Wii U owners."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Silver Story","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZUS82L2YBI0K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"MK8 is a terrific game, arcade racing and with friends you need to win and sometimes getting lucky to have a shell in order to block the red shell. really fun to play."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Jared &#34;The German&#34; Brentlinger","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1DQKEMUD23L6M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A fun game my son and I both enjoy. Great new concepts all around with this game. However, my son and I play the Mario Kart for Wii more, even after having both games."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Peter Selgrad","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GC07IQG8NIRV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It was a gift for my son and he loves it so therefore 5 stars. No violence just good racing fun. Very good graphics. If you or the child is a Mario fan, don't hesitate"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"alan hjertstedt \"jert\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1IEUP4GAK09EK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is a great game that has both single player, multiplayer and, 2 person multiplayer. So far the multiplayer has next to no lag and single player is great."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ramsey","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A11N5UJ36YINDJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fast-paced, fun, and challenging! This is the best Mario Kart I have played yet! The track design is fantastic and the features utilizing the Wii U gamepad are great!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jessica","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CL8MJMQZ973Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game has amazing new maps, vehicles and really awesome online play. I really like that I can play with many different controllers, possibly the best buy so far."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Stephen Castaldi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A35LZT1KMLC68D","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"By far the best Mario Kart game ever! So many things to do here & the Online Racing is \"Awesome\" Bring It On Everybody Racing time is back as good as it get."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mike Ward","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZ4N36H7ZWLEN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game totally different from the others and it makes the game so much different when theirs no map and the classic levels in hd are so amazing I so recommend"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mom in NC","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RQQFACCGKOH5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game very addictive my sons have been playing it non stop. Just make sure you have some extra wii remotes because it is easiest way to control your character"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Jack","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2AQL1IUEWTBPS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I'd rate it higher than 4, but as is normal with Nintendo the rewards for accomplishing everything are disappointing. Also, they left Dry Bones out."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"College Student","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2TA14EALQ8FZK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Bought this for my little sister and she loved it. Beautiful graphics too. There's enhanced control over replays, and the multi gravity thing is just so novel."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joshua Johnson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2I2BD2K9EE6MD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great fun for the family in multiplayer and now you can play online against the world which makes it that much more interesting. One of the best games on Wiiu"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"sergio","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3IKX35IQ9RQLV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Cant Never Go Wrong With a MARIO GAME that has lasted decades!! luv Nintendo I will Buy nintendo even if I dont Have time to Play just so they never go away."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Piratesweetie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A10ZL9YD724FTZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My son is six and absolutely loves this game plus the graphics are the best I've seen on a Wii system. I am impressed. Wish I could have a turn sometimes ;)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ramses","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A28VY1D5J01JX8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"One of the best multiplayer wii U games out currently. Best Mario kart in the series. Battle mode is a bit of a let down but still well worth the purchase."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Bryan Nosar","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AL1KSZ5MSGK1C","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"As a kid, I always loved Mario Kart 64. This is the first Mario Kart since Double Dash that I love! Mario Kart 8 rocks and I don't regret this decision."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jackson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A33FTB1R8STP2E","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"All I can say about this game is WOW! Next-gen Mario Kart! Fantastic graphics and great game play with a TON of courses. A must buy for any Wii U owner!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Hussain H.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A19PR1LV1R8FCK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My 6 year old and his cousins love it. I enjoy playing while reminiscing the days I played Mario Kart 64 with some friends back in the day. Good times."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Angelique Chambliss","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2QU65MME1ERJW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I purchased this for my son. He was overwhelmed from the gift. We have played and the graphics are awesome. We enjoy playing it. Worth the price."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Robert A. Meidal","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A13QJ6CT4KK5DF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is the first MUST-HAVE game for the Wii U. This game is amazingly beautiful and fun. In fact, this game is worth buying a Wii U just to play it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"idel_manuel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1VN5LPWBXW89D","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"my god this game is fun muu, and I enjoy every moment I play with my nephew loves it and definitely nintendo always knows how to make very good games"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Dezyrae7","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1PYID64JMDYZ7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great new addition to the Mario Karts, it has tons of new maps and ways of being set back, although it can loose its appeal after a while."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"peerless1","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A31R53WZBQH7G6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"uh its mario kart cant go wrong with that. online is fun and keeps the replay higher. i just wish there was a track editor but oh well still 5 star."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Brocknrolla","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AFPMEO5TXK672","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Extremely fun! The rubber banding AI remains a problem in this series, but as long as you don't take it too seriously, it really is a joy to play."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"SuperChadMonkey","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SC4CBSUZGG6J","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game for me and my daughter. Not as many unlockables as before which is disappointing since it is usually what kept us coming back for more."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Babaganooj","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AR5AI2Q8EQDWR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario Kart ever made! Love this game! So many options, so many courses, so may characters and so much more with DLC on the way :-)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Me","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A26AGRX23KW6QV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Super fun game. Not as awesome as I had hoped. The first Mario Kart Wii is still pretty killer, but the HD graphics in 8 are something to behold."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Natasha Abraham","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UO9F5JGMYNCE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Bought the wrong thing was for my ds that I order but I fine they could of notify me that it wasn't for the ds cause I purchase it the same time"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jason","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1U009EI52CESQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game and value! I got it the day it came out and it included a free digital download, so I got Pikman 3 also, and both are great games."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Alfredo Vera","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3B5O6U3UZMY3B","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best looking Mario Kart in years, a great mix of amazing new tracks and remakes of older tracks from versions that I didn't even know existed."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"ANIMEGIRLS","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2OT3SVQR3G21H","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun game for the whole family really good, only one thing bad, lack of more content. There is very few so in a few months it might get boring."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"holosuite2","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A37G0WU91VXR5E","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My boys and I love this game. My oldest boy, who usually doesn't play video games, is playing with me and my youngest boy. We all love it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"iMacMan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3DDW89YXHFQET","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If your a Mario Kart fan like me then your probably going to be very happy with this game. This game is a great step up from Mario Kart 7."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Knetza","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ASXLV11R8177Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game, one of the best local couch co-op on the wii-u right now. Tracks are fun, good visuals recommend pro controllers to go with it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Jose Juarez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2QTH20YFQ5W7F","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Having a blast with this but, the roster is a bit disappointing and the lack of arenas to do battle mode makes a star short of perfection."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cyrus","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7AGQKJI532J3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"SPOILER ALERT!!! You can drive on the wall!!! You can be your own Mii character. This game is awesome! ...oh my 8 year old likes it too..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Green","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1P2T6OKXQX60H","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Much better control set up by being able to change the wheel motion into using the d pad on a regular wii remoate. Great game for friends"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2P7AXT28OINX4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Short and sweet -- I've been playing Mario Kart since it was on Nintendo and this is literally THE FUNNEST Mario Kart I have ever played."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"barbara j. austin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1DAKV4G5OQQYQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My grandson loves this game......it is summer so he gets to play it everyday and I get a big hug and and I love you everytime I see him."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Macaela Reeves","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2N320DRTZPBKU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this game!! Another great title in the series. Good cast of characters, interesting levels. Plenty of customizations to unlock."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jeff Pierson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3VQ6PP8TRU1XO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Its Mario Kart! There is no equal! Lots of fun, especially with multi player just as anyone familiar with the franchise would expect!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"E. Cruz \"maceng\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7RCHQDP1CS44","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love this game. The graphics are the best on the Wii U and surpasses anyhthing I've seen on a PS3. Lots of fun, my wife even gets it."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Don W.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LW5PRRR59X00","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun game to play with my little one, graphics are nice and gameplay is fresh but still feels similar to previous MarioKart versions."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Criollo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AKO4WAHDR0B02","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love the gameplay and fun factor of this beautiful game. The upcoming DLC updates will add more fun to an already classic hit game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"hollywood","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FOMN5MEEIP0D","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"So fun, loved the graphics. Wish battle mode was better but it hasn't been good since N64 and I can't wait for the DLC to come out!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jose L.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3OH1F002DVLKQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's amazing, I've received in Venezuela in a few days (as promised) We are very pleased with the product and it looks sensational"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Shawn Joseph","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJFZ7FP0SKEBR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game. There is a lot of chaos that could affect how you perform in games. Some people may like this, and others may not."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"HowTheTidesRise","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AMJS85VYM2IVU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is great for the entire family!! My boys (ages 6 & 8) lovd playing against each other. Dad will even play with them!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"James B. Strickler II","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1EPFXT04KLTBZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Ver 2.0 made some much needed fixes, but the lack of a true battle arena map makes this game not live up to its full potential"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tim","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A27EDT8U30VPQA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"graphics are awesome. Mario Kart is our favorite game of all time.. unless they re-release the original Donkey Kong for Wii U."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jim","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3U71MHFRQFF7X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game! Very fun with friends or online alone. My favorite game of the series. Lovely stage designs awesome customization."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Glen","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1DAZIO3Q8FNMR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Really good game for all ages. Online competition is very good feature. And family racing against each other is also great."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1U47NN2TJSUUX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This was also for my grandson's Birthday and he has several Mario games and was so happy it get one that he didn't have yet."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"JD","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ADKE808DS1RAG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I think this is the best Wii U game available. The other Mario, Donkey Kong, and Rayman games are behind this in my opinion."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Zoe B C","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ASFWFZ9JFLEG6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"If you know about the rating .. you know that this was selling like hotcakes. A really good game for the kids. Esp the kids."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Leeandfam","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1TLBL5N8UQ76R","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"cant go wrong with Mario Kart,ever. 6 year old struggled at first but is picking it up quickly and keeping up with the rest."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Luis Emilio Lopez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A243GSGE76TSZH","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"I bought this game for two reasons. 1.- I love MK games. 2.- Nintendo is giving an extra game (Digital) with the purchase and registration of the game, prior to July 30 or 31. The game itself is great, the new tracks, the online experience, it's a must have. Either that you plan to play solo and beat some people online, or with up to 3 other players. The only bad part of the game, if playing only with someone else, is that instead Wii U's Pad working as a second screen, the pad also splits the screen. It would be great that player one plays in the pad and player 2 in the screen. So they both have full vision of what's going on."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cat Lover","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1UOHPTJL7L4XT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My son has been waiting for this game for months , he loves it and plays with it for hours! Would recommend this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"KMHEATON","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2IB8VDD7XDV07","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great all around game for the family. I have owned all previous Mario Kart series and this is the most fun of all of them."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Frank Cyrano \"F. Cyrano\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3UK8JLWO6GA0R","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Another delightful entry into the Mariokart series. Just be aware that the online competition is very fierce and frantic."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Sean","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A5TJEAYWC6ERC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Amazing visuals and lots of fun as Mario Kart always is. Only disappointment is that the battle mode is a bit of a mess."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Loatu","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1L8Q4K55Q456M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game. I play it all the time, and my kids can't get enough of it either. Good family activity to play together."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. Walsh","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3KXWVBHL0IZX6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A great arcade-style racing game that's fun when played alone, with people locally, or with people around the world."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Christopher Lok","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2MT8EAWK5I3S1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Absolutely fun and amazing game to play with your friends and family. The online play is pretty damn good as well."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"MtBiker","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2978MJ65QHOWG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great multi player game. My kids enjoy it and the graphics are steller. Can't really go wrong with any mario cart."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tori Vaz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2FE9X1MX254M3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Really fun game for parties and just goofing around, TONS of characters and the online multiplayer works well too."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Jay Pentzien \"Stitch\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FL83CC6XWNM8","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"THOUGH A GREAT RACING GAME IT LOST 2 STARS THOUGH. 1) NO MORE BATTLE AREANA MODE, ITS ONLY ON RACE COURSES AND ITS WITH ALL CHARACTERS INVOLVED 2) IN ORDER TO GET NEW CHARACTERS, CARS, TIRES, ETC, AND STARS ON LEVELS. ONLY PLAYER ONE CAN ACHIEVE THE GOALS. UNLIKE OLDER VERSIONS, BOTH PLAYERS OR MORE CAN HELP. IN MULTI-PLAYER MODE ONLY PLAYER ONE CAN ACHIEVE THE GOALS. EVEN THOUGH PLAYER 2,3,4.... GOT FIRST PLACE. OTHER THAT LOVE HOW THE COMP CHACTERS PLAY FREELY, AND YOU NEVER REALLY KNOW WHO IS GOING TO LEAD THE RACE AND YOUR ALWAYS ON YOUR TOES. CHALLENGING FUN GAME."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John Henao","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AV6RWPZVIXQUU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"the best of the series, I'm playing mario kart for over 15 years, and I must say this is the greatest game of all"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pam Gillette","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2P5G1P0NIH2DB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I purchaced it for my grandsons to share for their birthday. They have so much fun playing Wii !!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer \"Mikey's Grammie\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AUF7XD04QX1DL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A gift for my five year old grand son out of state and he absolutely loves it! Says I'm the best grandma ever!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"kellyd","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2Z4ZG9C77MVL9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is a blast. It is so much better than the original MarioKart. The whole family enjoys playing it now."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Alex Walex","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ZT96A1OYK7BO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My 6-year old son absolutely loves playing this game. Makes for a great bonding experience. Very entertaining."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Katherine","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1H0BVZBEEGWSX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Received packaged before time. Exceeded my expectations. Thanks I will continue to orders more wii products."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"blubill","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1GZQYPRE3NC21","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I mean you already know how awesome this game is. I haven't met a person that isn't a fan that's played it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Hitman24","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A24PV6WH2ZNW4N","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game. I love it and it is a blast with friends and family. I only wish they would add a lot more maps."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Santana","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2A0SGDB778AGS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"What else is there to say about this that hasn't been said before, it's fun, it's colorful, it's Mario kart."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Critic \"Critic\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CTGZVU90M8U3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Received it promptly. The product is a great hit with my Grandchildren. I even enjoy playing it myself."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sean","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2AKZJU79V93QG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent game that is both challenging and lots of fun. The Online is fun as well is offline local play"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Necrotoxin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ZEALPIFPP6IO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The best Mario Kart since N64. Two players are able to race online! Nintendo moving up in the world lol."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Andrew","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A13RO9IKIPBU8A","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game, easy to play, price was better than any other retailer, and came in 2 days via Amazon Prime"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Marvin Carrillo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A23KTWCUY0ZSP1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"BEST MK GAME EVER!!! Everything is awesome in this game, a must have for anyone who loves a good game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"NDec","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2HCF2HN68RX7G","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game. I have played 4 player at the same time and it was great. HD graphics never missed a beat."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jeff Examus \"jsexamus\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1T01L481ZO6YP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"What a great game!!! My wife and I play almost every day. For a racing game, it is very unique."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Caleb","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1A7YCGPGKEY53","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game. A few minor things I didn't like about the game play but other than that one of the best!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Eric","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AUKZYOIT5Q221","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best game! Buy it...Sorry not much to say, but if you are a fan of the series, this is a must own."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Alex","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GZW1FR2UMBDT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Everything is perfect. Except the Roster and Battle Mode is gone. Online if bad if you're hardcore."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Janet Carrier","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2NCBP67FBNPFJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Grandsons loves it. He likes all Mario games, so I cannot say much except he plays it all the time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rob K.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3H0AW7EAWQEWT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Makes owning the Wii U worth it! We've spent hours playing with friends and family having a blast!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"John \"John\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3N20VQMTAMW6I","Helpful Votes":"3.0/5.0","Review":"This game does single player and multiplayer racing very well. The game is very approachable and is a ton of fun. The level design is fun, the graphics for single player are great and the gameplay is smooth with 1, 2, 3 and 4 players. I would not hesitate to buy this game. However, there are a number of flaws which keep this from being a perfect release: 1. Battle Mode - I hate the fact that they removed arenas. You can only play on the standard normal courses. I think that this change was made by lazy programmers who did not want to code algorithms to allow computer players to roam across a non-linear map. 2. No Minimap on Screen to see where other players are. 3. No rear-view mirror on the gamepad (seriously, this would be the absolute best use of the gamepad). 4. No 5-player option. 5. No option for 1-player non-gamepad controller. UPDATE (6/6) - It seems you can play with the controller of your choice - you just have to use this controller from the first menu screen. 6. No final course times (I loved knowing that I beat Toad by 0.25 of a second). 7. Too small of a penalty for falling off course. 8. Underwater speed is the same as normal speed (this makes no sense and ruins the sense of being under water). You should really travel at 50% or 75% speed. 9. No option to see stats for the character screen (this is only available on the parts screen). 10. No ability to get a second item when you are holding another item behind you."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Levi L","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AGF8QKAJX7BQ8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best game to play with your college friends. We've moved on from the 64 version and can't go back."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Armando Jr Saucedo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UND5DHD9NESK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I like this game but I really wish they made more new maps instead of recycling 16 of the 32 maps."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dubs","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2A9HSE3SVAR5S","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game and it's the first game my 6 and 3 year old play with me. Now we need mom to join in."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gloria Mathews","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2IKHXGYV1PK2X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My grandson was elated by this surprise gift I gave to him. He is obsessed with anything Mario."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sandra Steinbook","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2S009HBYFHERR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Really fun game. Great graphics and online gameplay. Probably the best game out for the wii u."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Klud","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A22LZOL0RNK463","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great Mario game - very challenging, entertaining, lots of new levels and some nostalgia."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Harry H.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A13G7OIRTUDYML","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I had a lot of fun playing Mario Kart 8 with my family, and the online play is also great"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"D. Greene","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1YB5NAFYWEI0U","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun game, great controls. I wish the battle modes weren't on the regular tracks though."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Marcia Lotter","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1SB9G13WJZ4RN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The kids really enjoyed it, and it arrived in a very short time, which was most helpful."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"S G","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AA2ZSUCYEQFFT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"FUN!! Plays great and is an absolute blast for the whole family. The best MarioKart yet."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Gary","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AAOPX9PTTOP3G","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Another great Mario game, why are you reading reviews? you should already own this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Leah O.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A16W4TO2F0ORHL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"HUGE hit!! Whole family loves this game!!! My 5 year old enjoys playing all the time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Matt","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FA7DQSKX4GD2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun game, but short like all mario karts. At least they redesigned the past courses"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"shawnfucious","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A20VKHB0UZHLM6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My kids love this game. It's great to have games that we can all play as a family."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"brandi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A14M42AE764UE1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fantastic and fun for the whole family. Literally. Even my three year old plays it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lubkens05","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BSYZTECADHPR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best mariokart so far. Love the pretty HD graphics and the competitive online play."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"orngckn42","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ARHAVX6ZLIIPA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My son loves this game, he plays it until i kick his little bum outside for a bit."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"David R. Nunez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1U10Z77QUBWVB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Amazing game! I fell in love with it the first time I played. Really addictive!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jake Brown","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A25ZO5S7BBHOUY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent game. Many different changes from the Wii version. Loved Mario Kart TV."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tony Reid","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2U6AWBGY1QUR1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Super fun. Easy to play, great competition, and very reminiscent of the original."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Aksel Schaffer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A25S58N7J8G258","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is the best party nintendo racing game in a long time, and damn is it good."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"michael ortiz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2KB7Q8CSOC5JI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love this game! bought for my 2 boys and they love it as well. Great family game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Lori Inkrot","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1NXVZQCG6NC0V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Graphics are amazing just wish had map of course on screen instead of Wii U pad."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Susan Castillo \"Susana C\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ULB6FSE4JG8T","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"awesome game! the best, until now, for Wii U. New features, excellent animation"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Bethany","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A20XZBY5NX1NBT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Nintendo definitely redeemed themselves with this mariokart! I would recommend!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Vincent","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2X2MKKMF5JKQD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Not as spectacular as we thought it would be. It did not live up to the hype."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Goodwin \"Mommy of 2\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LU72VSQJK4T8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome! We love all the new worlds and features that this game has to offer."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Andrew Faletti","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2KN4EIH95O59T","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game. Alot of cool new things, such as items, courses and HD graphics!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"MNPLS","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A289X9N34HEZZW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"So much better than the Wii version (which was great). Looks gorgeous in HD"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"MATT","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2DRIAJK6SQA3K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"IF U LIKE MARIO FROM THE NINTENDO GAMECUBE RACER THEN U WILL WNAT THIS GAME"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Thierry Moreau \"T.M.\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A10WGQYJWN1LAC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is the best mario kart in the series! Worth getting a WiiU on its own!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Howard","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ARJXB4M7180L6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very fun game. Excellent fun for the entire family or as a solo experience."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"matt osnap","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AARL6DODO3XGI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game probably the most fun I have ever had with a racing game ever"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Forest Knapp","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A4LDMMBEKGXL2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Smash hit. Definately will keep me entertained until smash bros comes out!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lagrue","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2Z1387VD2IOQ0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Learn the life lesson that if you stive to be first you may end up last."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"George Jerro","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FZQ739U5HSA9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game. I would definitely buy again if I actually needed it again."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A38EV7FEK381QW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great price and fast shipping, can't go wrong with this favorite game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kindle Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3AEQDI4USNEEJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"MY GRANDSON JUST LOVES THIS GAME. IT KEEPS HIM ENTERTAINED COMPLETELY."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dontay Andrews","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A9LU85EYEEBUF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game. I grew up with mario kart 64 and on so this game is great"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Patty","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3NYK7AA22Z3CL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Me and my family love this version of MarioKart. Does not disappoint!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Onur Yenihayat","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3QPRQIOGG2D9E","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very fun game, just as expected. Nothing else to say about it really."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Chris","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ABB6490R2SUE1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A fun continuation of the original"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"rpunya","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1URN4T545B6GJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun times, needs more cups though. Hopefully more DLC will come out."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Bobby Bauer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AUVXECF6VNFHU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game was way better than I expected, would definitely reccomend"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rodrigo Antonio III Aguero Acosta","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AISTFA6AJDPNL","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"the best kart game ever!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Malketh","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1S8CUAS25XN2W","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"My father had been complaining for ages about not having a nice little racing game he could play. So I decided to be a bit of a smart-ass and bought this on a whim. We haven't had this much fun with a console game in years."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Andy Dopieralski","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2GQ2J76VVD0MQ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"To start off, I own the Xbox One and had a PS4 for a month before it Blue Stripe of Deathed on me. I love game consoles - probably a bit more than I love games themselves - so understand I'm not a fanboy (fanboi? Sk8rboi?) of a particular system. My WiiU hadn't been getting much play since beating Super Mario 3D World and even less before that. The current gen was, overall, fairly underwhelming and I'd moved back to my Steam box and PC gaming for the most part, hoping for a game to bring me back to these new consoles. Not being a big FPS guy, those games weren't Watchdogs/Call of Duty/Titan Fall. I've always been a fan of Mario Kart, though I have my favorites in the SNES version and the N64 version. They had, in my opinion, been going down hill since the GameCube - Double Dash was my least favorite of the entire franchise. The odd portable release was very good, but nothing on the console was really compelling. Mario Kart 8 however borders on a perfect Mario Kart release. I can say, without a doubt, that this is my favorite Mario Kart game. It harkens back to the N64 days. The races are fun, new (though familiar), and exciting. The rubber band AI has been greatly reduced and now races well, but not nearly as cheaply as it did in recent games. When you lose to the AI, it doesn't feel like you were robbed. As much. Maybe a little. There are a lot of great new tracks, as well as a huge selection of ported tracks from older games. 4 player doesn't feel cramped and is an absolute blast. I'm not a fan of the WiiMote steering, but changing is quick and painless. The game still has the 'first in' ordering system, so your screen moves around in a 4 player setting depending on who hits A first. That's been a gripe for a while and hasn't been fixed, but it's hardly even a smudge on the silver. The big gripe that a lot of people have - and rightly so - is the terrible Battle implementation. There are no arena courses. Just the existing race courses. No compass. No map. Just the race course. So it never really feels like you're battling. Just racing with balloons. For me - and your mileage will likely vary - Battle has never been my game of choice. If I have friends over, we're playing Grand Prix. So this isn't a big deal. However, if you love Battle, this is probably going to really put a damper on your experience. Hopefully an update will show up with classic arena tracks for that mode, but until then beware if that's your jam. Pros: Tons of car customizations A return to classic racing style Awesome characters Bright, fun, a great party game Highlight reels are usually a good laugh Cons: Battle mode is flawed No King Boo Luigi will haunt your dreams with his glare"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Aaron Solomon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RZZZIUSOUJDI","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"A lot of people say that the game is way too easy. The game's difficulty depends on the combo you are using. If you look at the online ghosts of time trials, the primary combo that is used is a super heavy weight character (Morton, Bowser, or Wario), a super fast cart (mach 8, coupe, circuit special edition), and an acceleration glider. This combo happens to have just about the worst handling of every combo there is, but it is also the fastest. If you are excellent at the game, this combo will be good. If you aren't, this combo will be bad. So while people say that the game is easy, in reality, if you play it correctly, it is ridiculously hard. In fact, it reminds me of the old hardcore racing games like Jet Moto 3. If Mario Kart 8 is played correctly, it is as hard, if not harder, than Jet Moto 3, I kid you not. Just look at the Time Trials to see some of the ridiculous \"fastest\" paths in some of the tracks. There is a jump in DK's Jungle that I still can't manage to pull off. I finally pulled off a couple of ridiculous jumps in Toad's Harbor. I'm nowhere near mastering Toad's Turnpike, now that is one hardcore track o-o. Yes, it's easy if you don't play like a master. Just try copying the people on the leaderboards though and you'll learn just how ridiculously difficult this game is. It's easy to get into, but insanely hard to master. Those are the ingredients for a great game that is fun for everyone. If you do take the easy paths, just like in Jet Moto 3, you won't be able to compete ^)^. So this game is fun for everyone, from beginners to masters. You can pick a combination that matches your skill level and then play the tracks in a way that matches your skill level. Keep in mind that if you use the fastest paths on the tracks and play with the fastest combination well, you will blow 150cc and mirror mode away (nobody in sight behind you for the entire race). You will also likely get first place most of the time in online mode. Yes, even getting hit by several spiked shells isn't enough to take you out of first when you are playing at an extreme level. So to all of the people that say this game is too easy, I say you are wrong. To those that say that it's too hard, I say go with an easier combination and take easier paths, either that or practice for hours on end like I do. This is the best Mario Kart to date and is well worth the money ^)^. After around 120 hours of playing this, I'm still nowhere near mastering this sucker. I do pretty decently on 16 out of 32 of the tracks now (I still can't make some of the ridiculous jumps). When buying Mario Kart 8, be sure to immediately go into Time Trial mode, download some ghosts, and watch them. They will really teach you how to play the game. If you can't manage the same turns they are doing, even when you are copying them, keep in mind that they are being very delicate with their turning."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ryan Fleischmann","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZZHLZ8H23QD4","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"I skipped the Mario Kart series after Mario Kart 64, but my interest was piqued by this game's amazing visuals. I figured on a relatively good-looking game, with good single/local multi - player modes with average to poor online play. But then I was TOTALLY BLOWN AWAY. Online play is addictive, competitive, and friendly. There are next to no loading times at all for both off-line and online play. Don't let any kind of \"kiddie\" label fool you. This arcade racing made not only for the hardcore gamer -- but really anyone who likes games. Trust me, even when you're in last place, you'll be having a ton of fun. Some of the single player offline races seems too easy to me, but you can always find more challenge in using different karts/racers. Others complain about battle mode, but I honestly don't see the problem with it. Sometimes items left on the track seem to vanish (namely bananas), but they'll typically disappear after more than 1 lap of the race has been completed so I don't consider it much an issue. The bonus downloadable game by registering with Club Nintendo make this a must buy for any WiiU owner."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Loopogram","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2S4B3LXWVDO2E","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"HD graphics look amazing on the wii u gamepad and TV. You can play four player split screen Grand Prix mode and collect coins for a speed boost and to unlock new players, karts, wheels, and parachutes. The level of detail is second to none and the replays can be slowed down to show every turtle shell collision. The only problem is that Luigi's death state will haunt your nightmares. I guess he was tired of playing second banana to Mario."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"GumboMom","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJAR1GIOL94TR","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"When I pre-ordered Mario Kart 8, I knew I was going to get a great kart racing game. However, when I popped it into my Wii U and started it up for the first time, it was even better than I thought. Everything was tied together so well, it was amazing. Graphics: Superb graphics are present in Mario Kart 8. There are so many details and great designs that it's so perfect. Heck, all of the retro tracks are unrecognizable from the great graphics. Track Variation: Great tracks are present in Mario Kart 8. They have great variation and are designed perfectly. However, the new rainbow road is meh. Some of the retro tracks aren't the greatest, but that's really not unavoidable. Battle: Meh. Not really that good. They're just race tracks with balloons. It's not nearly as good without arenas. Online: GREAT! So many ways to play are available. All in all, a great game! Pick it up now!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Paul Craven","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQCT16OR43N0V","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"There are a couple minor annoyances that I hope they patch soon, but overall, it's the best Mario Kart by far and just might be the best game on any console right now due to the replayability, awesome online features, tons of unlockables, etc., etc...This game alone is worth owning a Wii U for and It's going to get better!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"gmc","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CBDLX4ZRNNRV","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"I'm going to make this short and sweet. Mario Kart 8 is the best looking, most fun, best value, best best best game on the Wii U. If you miss out on this game, you miss out on something very special, a once in a generation game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Donnie Carter","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AW8EJYDLSATCU","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"I've played every Mario Kart since the beginning, even the hand held systems so my review may be bias. All that aside this game is fun and the levels are beautifully crafted. There's still all the typical Mario Kart gameplay to enjoy but things have definitely gone to the next level. All the new tracks are amazing and the retro tracks are more of a new vision of an old track. This makes it almost seem like your experiencing 32 new tracks. This game has plenty for a newcomer and an experienced Karter to fall in love with. I'm almost embarrassed to say that some of the tracks made me giddy the 1st time I played them. Maybe I'm just a 30 year old geek."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Creativeminds","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A14ZRSLX44JBNL","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"I've noticed they have perfectly balanced this mario kart. In mario kart 64 and double dash you use to be able to power slide through everything now it has been only on the track which is more balanced in my opinion. Thats what ive noticed so far. Online seems to be pretty good not laggy at all I have like 30 gig internet from netspeed test although its 50gig from timewarner :\\ . I bought the bundle for 330 after canceling my groupon deal and toysrus deal which would of saved me like 100 bucks but I still feel it was worth it after all :)."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"K98765","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2QX1BOC4SQ7NQ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"it's smooth, it's fun, and it's irresistible. The graphics are amazing when the designs are fine-tuned with twists. I now love my Wii U more than ever. Better than any other racing game I've ever played!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"William Huynh \"ConanHuynh\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A37RHUAH74N5ZJ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"This is the first game I have ever pre-ordered, and I am so glad I did. If you like revved-up racing, creative competition, and frenzied fun, then Mario Kart 8 is a must on the Wii U. I'd like to start my review with some the areas I liked: -First and foremost, probably the thing everyone's been talking about is the anti-gravity feature. Zooming past your opponents while upside-down or sideways brings a new twist to the franchise, and it was a nice addition to the game. -The courses, both old ones from previous consoles and new ones from scratch, look and feel incredible. Recycled tracks from Wii, GameCube, and even the 64 brought nostalgia to the room. The Wii U courses provides innovative ideas to the table, like musical notes, airplane takeoffs, and sumptuous desserts. (My personal favorite is the \"Electrodrome\"). -The artwork. It's gorgeous. Now, I never cared much for graphics on any type of game, but Mario Kart 8 stunned me. It's simply a beautiful game. The amount of details Nintendo puts into anything never ceases to amaze me. The little things such as the water droplets on the screen after going into the ocean or Shy Guys playfully skating on solid ice contribute to the overall game. -Customization to vehicles, tires, and gliders allow players to strategize what fits and what slips for them. Factors of speed, acceleration, traction, weight, etc. supply and abundance of options. (I still have trouble mixing and matching my choices). -I touched with the online world a little bit. This is not much, but there is now a time limit when picking a stage. Instead of waiting for some time back in Mario Kart Wii, the limited time smooths out some bumpy roads. Mario Kart 8 delivered plenty of good ol' gaming to the console. But there are some hiccups attached. -Although I am not one-hundred percent done with the game, I did unlock quite a few characters. I felt there were way too many clones, such as the Koopalings and the babies (Baby Mario, Baby Luigi, Baby Peach, etc.). They could have added a little more selection, but that is fine. (One thing that could've been cool was instead of individual characters, they could have used different skins like in the Super Smash Bros. franchise. Just a thought). -This is a very little detail, but it bothers me. After the end of each race, I believe three choices appear: watch highlights, move on to the next race, or quit. For the first few times, I enjoyed replaying and rewinding clips. After a while, it got irksome. The automatic choice after finishing the track should be to move on to the next track, not review segments. Again, this is just a minor setback. -I have been experiencing a slight delay when choosing my character. Although it is just for a split second, it seems silly to pause for something like that. (Maybe it's just me). -None of these are major hot spots. I am simply nit-picking the fine lines. Overall, Mario Kart 8 is game worth pursuing and purchasing. Even before it was released, my mind was already set in stone for this game. It is one to watch parts of the game; it is another actually delving into the experience. I have not discussed all aspects of this masterpiece. I have only covered what I played and what I thought would make a decent preview. I cannot wait to battle it out with my friends. So what are you waiting for? Go buy this game now."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3K68SF61YTTLA","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"I haven't had this much fun with a video game in awhile. The design of the tracks is outstanding! There's charm, challenge, and gorgeous art everywhere. The music is top-notch too. Online play has no lag--and it's free! There's nothing like friendly competition to bring people together, and this is friendly competition at its best."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"gohalos","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AUU6OGKB0Z1TG","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"First off I pre-ordered the game and Amazon had it on my doorstep on the release date so kudos to them. As for the game, wow! This game looks and plays great. I was playing it by myself when my wife walked into the room and saw what I was doing. My wife doesn't like video games, as a matter of fact she thinks they are dumb. In no time she was sitting right beside me playing this gem of a game. We have played for hours and have enjoyed every second of this game. Highly recommend!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Z. Schwartz \"-\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AXX3QD6QCA2TQ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"Awesome game. If you like any other MK games you'll love this one. If you like LBP kart racing you'll love this game. If you like Sonic all stars you'll love this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"C.Raven","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1X5MSSAPEY92J","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 has been in my Wii U for almost 12 hours now, and I just can't get enough! If you have played a Mario Kart game (and seriously, who hasn't by now?) then you should know exactly what to expect. However, being the first MK game on an HD system means that everything is more gorgeous and fluid. The game feels faster than any previous entry thanks to the subtle details Nintendo has put in. Clothing and hair will ruffle in the wind as your character zips along in his or her kart, and after emerging from water or slipping in oil or mud your character will be dripping with the water/oil/mud for a few seconds. Tires even show mud, snow and frosting (yes, frosting) depending on the terrain you're driving on. The new levels are incredibly detailed and genuinely fun to play. The new mechanic of hovering as well as the inclusion of bikes and quads make selecting the \"best\" even more difficult, which means that players will be more diverse than they have been in the past. Just like MK7, you unlock characters by competing in the Grand Prix and you unlock parts by collecting coins. There are loads of items to collect, so this should keep players busy for quite some time. As far as race/combat items go, most of them are standard Kart fare. Some items that didn't make the cut include the leaf from MK7, the fake item block and the POW block. However, the new items more than make up for their absence. The potted pirahna plant can chomp at other racers, coins or items, and if nothing is nearby it will chomp ahead to give you a speed boost. You can throw the boomerang flower three times, snagging any racers that get caught on its return path. And the Super Horn will blast everything around you, deflecting shells and bananas and flipping out nearby racers for a couple of seconds.The super horn can even prevent a spiny shell strike, making it a definite hold item for the 1st place racer."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brandon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1Z7KN5FLB9OFC","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"The graphic style is great. The controls and gameplay are smooth. The race highlights are fun to watch and accurately show the action. The tracks are unique. Very entertaining game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jose","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1T5MZT2NHVXA3","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"The amount of detailed that Nintendo put in this game is amazing. So far this is the best looking Wii U game. All the stages are fun none of them feel boring like on some past Mario Kart games. Only con so far is the battle mode. Hopefully Nintendo does release an update to bring it up par like the Mario Kart 64 battle mode. The free game is nice bonus to an already awesome game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jason Hatton","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A148ODHSL53ZQZ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"So Mario Kart is probably one of the oldest and most beloved racing game franchises, but does this one hold up the legacy? The answer is a resounding yes! This is the rare type of game that can attract players of any age. The controls are excellent and there are many different options (steering wheel, pro controller, Wii remote + nunchuck) on how you'd like to drive. It supports up to 4 players provided that you have enough controllers and it can be played online. There are 32 racing courses and 8 battle courses; this game can do no wrong."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"L. Halvorson \"Collector\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2M5GE4ICWWYQJ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"This is a wonderful addition to the long line of Mario. There are only two things I have problems with, and they aren't nearly enough to bring this nugget of Nintendo gold down a star. They are as follows: - You can only use a single item at a time, meaning, you cannot hold an item to protect your back while you have a second item waiting for you in your inventory. This leaves you a little more vulnerable at times, but also seems to balance things out in some circumstances. - The battle mode does not have it's own unique stadiums like in previous titles. Instead, you battle on a handful of the racetracks that you'd normally strictly race on. This was most disappointing. Otherwise, this game is going to get played possibly the most of all my Wii U games so far, especially in party environments."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Obsidian \"mr_guru\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AXFZLNVBXR7L3","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"Wow all I can say is I am glad I preorders this and you get a free game too what a value. If you don't have a wii u now is your reason to get one. Lots of fun with the family."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Edward","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A10A6CZV2KKDMN","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"Wow, this game is so amazing, some people may complain, but at first it's pretty hard and frustrating, but just get used to it, and it will turn out as fun as it can be, what's really cool I get to play one of the Koopalings, and u unlock characters randomly, aw there is so much more to enjoy Mario Kart 8!??"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Weston Mitchell \"Pandan\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AOPCNJHJEPZDK","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"I love this game, and it's a great addition to the series. It has some flaws like the half-assed battle mode where you just battle on the existing racetracks. But aside from all the gripes about it, It's probably either the best or second best in the series! (I still hold the N64 mario kart in high regard) Worth the money, Nintendo doesn't do price drops on Mario titles, so buying it now v.s. later wont save you cash."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Chusko","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AI5Y4NHT4YHXI","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"Bought it today and I can only say WOW! If there's been a game that has been Nintendo's killer franchise, it's Mario Kart. The track designs are gorgeous and innovative. The racing has been rebalanced to be less frustrating and yet wildly competitive. Alternating this game with Watch Dogs for my PS4 it's the best I can do right now :-) Highly recommended."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"mrs spenny \"k\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1QXHBJAIHWQ2P","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is an excellent addition to Nintendo's MK series. Pros: Amazing graphics Exciting new tracks (Nintendo outdid themselves with the Bowser tracks in this release) Fun renditions of the vintage tracks Ability to switch between steering with the d-pad vs controller tilt (WOOHOO!!) Two player online racing Cons: Nintendo was reaching when they tasked themselves to come up with so many new characters (Pink Gold Peach - really??) There doesn't seem to be a permanent setting for player 2 to permanently adjust controller steering method, or to adjust before the race begins, so the steering method cannot be changed until after the race begins Overall, this is a great game. Very highly recommended."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"El Freak","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2VM6ED2FHRVZ2","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"I got the game last night and have been almost unable to stop playing it since. This is, in my opinion, the best game available on Wii U and is quite possibly one of the best games Nintendo has ever designed. The game is visually stunning, the level designs are creative and well thought out, and the items are well-balanced(blue shells are a lot rarer than in previous games). The game is an instant classic and is a must buy for any fans of Mario Kart."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Carl K.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A118ECNHF2OCUO","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"Lets start out by saying I am late coming over to the WII U, I own Xbone and PlayStation 4 and now the Wii U. I bought the Wii U so I could play Mario Kart 8 and boy am I glad I did, its easily my favorite game right now. Its gameplay is fantastic its graphics are beautiful and last but not least it FREAKING MARIO KART what more could you ask for. If you buy this game you can also register it with Nintendo Club and pick between 4 games to download for free. I picked Pikmin 3 and let me tell you that's another great game, the deal is fantastic and is well worth the purchase it is also a ligament reason to buy the Wii U if you are on the fence"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Liam Scorzafava","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ADKQ4ZL8Q3QK","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"Such a great and beautiful game, while I LOVE the fact they brought back the top tracks of the previous installments I am happy to say my favorite tracks are the 8 new ones! The graphics are gorgeous, online gameplay is smooth, the new gravity feature is fun and there is also paragliding... what else can you ask for? You can now customize your karts to your desired choice and it makes the game that much more competitive. Honestly if you're considering getting it, just go ahead and do yourself a favor and buy it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joshua","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LKWEOH4703XV","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"This is a plain and Simple review. There are too many first person \"realistic\" video games that focus amazing graphics. I am not saying that this game doesn't look gorgeous because it dose. So much detail makes it feel like you are actually in the Mushroom Kingdom. Anyway, this game is all about fun and and it succeeds on every level, even the bad battle mode left me laughing and having a great time with my two brothers. If you like fun get this game. If you have a WiiU get this game, If you don't have a WiiU, get the Mario Kart bundle (along with your free game complementary of Nintendo). I promise you it is worth it, I can't wait to share this game with my roommates and have hours of fun on the couch, Nintendo you still have it!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"kenny","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AU6YBMNXBSGIJ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"MK8 is awesome!The music is great,graphics is gorgeous,control is splendid,and new items are interesting! The only downside for me was new balloon mode is kind of lame. However,I am not even a huge fan of balloon mode."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jarret1981","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A36R6RV0MTS1OJ","Helpful Votes":"1.0/2.0","Review":"This is the best wii u game by far!!It feels like an old school arcade racer and the anti gravity is amazing. It's addictive and super fun. It made my Wii U purchase justified. It looks next gen and the controls are tight. I love it--thanks Nintendo!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Vanessa Luna","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A14W6JZW2A42C7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The game was fun and it was very enjoyable. Packaging was perfect"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Teenkitsune","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ACP8GW7IAKWW5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Tis the best Mario Kart yet, you'd be crazy not to get this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"David Tan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJ2QQZ7Z0YB0S","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"As expected from a MK series. Fun when there is company with you"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Terry Sullivan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AW04SFER9PNQR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Took awhile to get but was quickly rectified. thank you Nintendo."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Fangtasia74","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1N8Q3QUTUPX15","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love this game! Don't care how old you are you will get hooked!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"tomes275","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A162MNFD5CGQ03","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"outstanding all around. great music, graphics, game play, ect..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rodo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3J8T39YKZRQXX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very nice!! Really! Superb graphics, new features, just awesome!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lowe Family","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3HH2V5YZ7DILU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My family absolutely loves this mario cart! best one yet to me!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Micah D Pace","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AP7FFI31RPE7N","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game! Hours of fun with the kids. highly recommended!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Paul Kilgore","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2C50FWZR2ZO0B","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My 6 year old loves it and that means I get to play too. Enjoy!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Abel Daniel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3I6LVZUJ79JBY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Good game. Wish nintendo didn't screw up the battle mode though"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Howard Greene","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A5AWI8V5XCKKF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excited to give to my grandson for his birthday. Great price."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ralph","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1X3XO1QPFZLP6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The kids love it!!! I haven't gotten to even try the game yet!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jennifer Solano","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A237YGEQ3Z5LJE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game, hours of fun. It's a must have for Wii U owners!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Julie A. Carleton \"Jules\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3J4TETT4T379D","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This was a gift so I can't say how it worked but he loved it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kenya Grant","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ACHT5Y96IJD1Z","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Its a fun game. Glad its coming out with some new DLC though!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Margie Spear","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A0832092EBI78II9KZK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I purchased this for my 5 year old grandson and he loves it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Marcelo Viana Neto","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ARJW46T5BF9UM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Looks gorgeous and it's tons of fun. There's nothing like MK."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kiva","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQXYI8QLWKJZL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best game for kids!! No violence and plenty of animation!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Abby","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQN98AI8CZW0P","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"purchase for my 9 year old granddaughter and she loved it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"saywhat5454","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A22T3BSO8KXRQS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Shipping was fast! Item as described. Grandson loves it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sherry G.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATJ33RWTUV6FJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Bought it for my grandson for his birthday. He loves it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Walking in the Light","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2CHHGCOA70772","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game and graphics. New courses and some classics."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Carlos","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3R1YX9HZOO97O","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Really an awesome game !!!! full recommended to everyone"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"eldanador","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2VIL2BI9FHYGE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"very good saller and nice product fast delivery good job"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Retta","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BPOMGJQL21K8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun game to play and we received it in a timely fashion"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"zipykido","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A4W3MSGFIQ502","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very fun to play. One of the best in the series so far."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lee J. Anderle","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A30W964X98U41R","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Much better than previous Mario cart games on the wii u"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Jack","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1PJS65N2S8LKY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun game. But really annoying and frustrating at times."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"DirtyFrank603","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AI6XZJ9RI7G9Z","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is a great game. Everyone in the family loves it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"migdalia malave","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3VUZHKFSA20IP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this game and it has not given me any problems."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sarah Griffith","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3VFK1X9M2W0FA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"We love it! The whole family gets together and plays."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joseph Rothenberg","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MET04JNKR43W","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This game is a blast, and I found the best price here!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Noneonrecord","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2AB6EFF85N2N6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great update to the Mario kart franchise. We love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Leandro B. Carvalho \"Leandro B. Carvalho\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2NTG6M4UQQV9S","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Better than Mario Kart Wii, didn't think it possible!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"baip","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AWSAT42FAANRU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"As always, I will spend countless hours on this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"kevin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3QSNYL4D2KB7Y","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"seems like every other mario kart game. so its good."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Giselle serrano","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ACP2Y5C85QVAJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My son loves and his friends as well love this game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Max I Clayton","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AOT6RF81EMSNH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My grandson won't let me win but it's a lot of fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Anne W","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYO774W5ECCGP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Grandkids LOVE this.. keeps them out of mom's hair"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Julie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3H9N9LY5DY1B3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My Grandson loves this game! He can't get enough!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Hardcoreicemoth","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GO5NEFEII582","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game! Fun addition to the Mario Kart series!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Colorado-zon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A10KXE6IGEC51W","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game - months of fun for the whole family!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Timothy Dinges","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A20LIZVTV6V4SH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Amazing fun! Made my house warming party awesome!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"William Spaniel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A347AR0BPN0RGM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Been having a blast with it since I purchased it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mike Lask","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A21PQVRECFD4HN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Item arrived on time and as expected. Fun game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Martin Montanez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2XZ3GPU1C3INC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's Mario kart and you can't go wrong with that"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"marc Benitez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ADCZGGKE0QJIQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Good buy. Showed up as expected. Game is great"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Stetson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3OKH6RXZUQX70","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"freekin awsome one of the best mario karts yet"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2AIKIIRBE98NO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excelent game, one of the best mario kart ever"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Richard E. Ortiz \"ortizre\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1X2G4DYBYVDBY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My grandson plays it all the time. It's great."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Klaus Fischer Guimaraes","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJDFQITRW80E1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Everything a Mario kart needs, but in full HD"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Matt Mooney","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AVH26NE7UKBUU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Spent hrs playing . Fun for the whole family."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"A J LYONS","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SKE9OU174G8C","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game, especially for younger children."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Goyko Mitrovich","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A33CIVOTG1LY36","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"As good and epic as ninty have us used to :)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Lhieesy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AFF8UMRJQXBHB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is AWESOME! It is a must have."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"valerie fernandez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7XFHQGF7QK7H","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great fun, my 6 year old daughter loves it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Justin Harris","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3JM33ZU4S8L8I","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I am so glad I got this. This is FANTASTIC!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Edgar","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A12LM2HEFXO1RD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"The game is fun to play and family friendly"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"V \"cloroxbb\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1SEPOZQUZ2ST2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Its Mario Kart. Not a lot to hate. Its fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Antonio Rondn","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AKC1Q7WLR8YRI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"excellent, I am satisfied with the product"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kent from Jersey","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AKGF34XDGEEGC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Bought it for my grandsons - they love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A9NJ6OIFN16PB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent game! The whole family loves it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Xao X","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CEQJDIMFB0HL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"kids love it. What else are you ask for ?"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Travis B Davis","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LQMXCS2SCKEZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"one of the best games ive played in years"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jordon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A22U7ZC5OOI4JF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game! Easily best Mario Kart yet!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kindle Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AC24R2ZQ0R7QL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love it. I think it is the best one yet."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mary V.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A77BNG74K0I64","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This is good entertainment for all ages."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Robert Bruce","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SHPYAR7MPRNC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Super fun, very good entry in the series"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"M. Parr \"Book 101\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7563JL86WESO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Kids love it, what more is there to say."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cookie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FXXAL2XTQ2XZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"As much fun as all the reviews claimed."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"C. M. Abratte","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39GFP4XB48PGW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario Kart since Super Mario Kart."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UJS9OFCLJURA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Possibly my favorite of the series now."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jose Macias","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A242ODVPJVSWXB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"it's very fun to play and very adictive"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"S. Plowden","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A12OT5YU148QX2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"This was a gift - they are very happy."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"WinG","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2VVMNAS9GD2H9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fast shipping good item good good good"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"livinggeekchic","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BH6R6CD3AFUS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun game! Love multiplayer the most."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Carmen M. Guzman","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A14VI2BWKQ9X2Z","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game. My grandson loves it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"michael yingling","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATSUG5BKQC2BQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Family time is at an all time high!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Augustin Bolanio","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ASAAN45XDZ072","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My kid and I are having a blast!!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tyler","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A36LBXVBW8AHW6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Such a fun game! An instant classic"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jason","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1M0TADR4CFC6V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome. Smooth, fun, and balanced."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"William C. Pinkstone","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15D8P5NYLO06V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"supercalifragilisticexpealadotious"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Donald Nunez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CMVZMHD5MBHZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"my son loved it..great family game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kyle","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A25P4M7N0825YE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Most intense Mario Kart game yet."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ChevyTruck","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MHQP7KL64TX7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"New Mario Kart. Need I say more?"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Glenn Marston","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2K3K3TP2RE1H7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Everybody in the family loves it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Oscar Mendoza","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GCWRFIGWLZ61","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game and pretty hard too!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ALKOF41DPSY5O","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Absolutely entertaining for kids"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cle","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2NA0SUMJCNK2A","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game for the whole family!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"GAPPPP","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AF1FCWJWY7XN4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent as all Mario Kart gmes"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Erick P. Sitter","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3ESEKZ5ZR1ID0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"this game is blast, that is all."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dennis Diaz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1A1FILJNDXPAN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Can't stop playing this game...."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joey Francisco","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3KFSRZV2P8V4O","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very cool game... Kids love's it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A318ZT88GY8GL6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fast shipping. Works just fine."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James M. McLean \"Reality Check\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GD5HKY98A31V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario Kart since the SNES."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Astronaut Jonze \"Blast Off\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3JEZZT9APWAEE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best racing game ever. Love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"pagnchaktra sun","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ASWO0JU7HN64N","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game for kids and adults."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Teacher","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZ6S4WW56Q02E","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Given as a gift they were happy"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mom To C and V","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AFKSL0M2RMI55","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It's Mario Kart....enough said"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Steve Baumgartner","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A23XV4U3H5TTL0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun game! Highly recommended!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Light Heart \"Renee\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1DI0S18IZVS8Z","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Kids love this game immensely."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"luis","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3I6YXM8M8QE3F","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Good game to play with family."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. De Gannes","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3DNMGABXOW4JP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"MK8 is one of the best racers this generation will ever see. There are finally sophisticated online options for creating proffessional styled tournaments & numerous ways to play online including online multiplayer grand prix which was a very smart addition. The graphics are beautiful & the soundtrack is awesome. Customization is at its finest with tons of kart & bike parts to choose from all with their own specific pros & cons. The tracks are masterful. Perfect mix of old tracks with new unique tracks. From anti-gravity to gliding to underwater, you go everywhere. The character roster is huge though a little disappointing but there is good news, 8 new characters will be released as downloadable content soon, including Link from The Legend of Zelda! Not only that, but we're getting 16 more tracks on top of the already fabulous 32 tracks to choose from. This is by far the biggest MK game of all time! I haven't tried the battle mode yet but I was disappointed when I found out it was actual tracks you were battling on & not unique battle arenas, but I'll leave that up to you. I was never really into battle mode after MK64. I only care about the racing aspect, which is better than it has ever been before."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Anthony Michael Regalbuto","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ZRJ0SKAVQO76","Helpful Votes":"5.0/9.0","Review":"This game could have been perfect. I honestly feel like they got lazy, and dropped the ball. My gripes: -Don't be fooled by the variety of carts, and customization options in this game. In reality you have about 4 options to truly choose from. Some might slightly improve performance in the air, water, or off road with statistics you don't see but it's so minimal it's honestly trivial. -Battle mode as most of you have read, is a complete wash. -The old games used to show you the course map, and gave you an idea where the other players are in relation to yourself. This game only allows you to view it on the gamepad. Since you're only allowed one gamepad per system this makes that requirement complete bull crud. Wii motes are automatically toggled for motion use instead of D-pad so at the start of every prix you have to pause and change it if you don't like that option. -You can no longer stack items like every mario kart game ever. That was one of my favorite abilities. That's now gone. Thanks Nintendo! -At the end of the race the first option is now 'view highlight reel' instead of next race. I can't tell you how many times i've clicked the A button to move on to the next race only to be presented with a highlight reel that I could honestly care less about. -There is no such thing as a Team Race anymore. Any item you use can and will hit your fellow team members. You will often find yourself apologizing to your fellow racers as you accidentally destroy them with an item thinking it will logically head for the other team. -My biggest complaint is that the game is completely unforgiving. Keep in mind this is supposed to be a child's game. Because they now use a strange coin system the computer will hit you with as many items as it can, relentlessly I might add, when it realizes you have them. I don't remember ever being walloped so many times back to back to back in any Mario Kart game I have ever played. When you get hit, it's not just once and you move on. You will more often than not get hit a minimum of a three times as the computer railroads you into a corner before you can even get your Kart going again. The old games at least gave you a temporary invincibility to at least give you a few seconds to get going after you've been hit. Now you're all but toast. You are a veritable sitting duck. -Last but not least, more often than not I have no idea what I've been hit with. No indication at all. Was it a green shell, was it a banana the computer magically launched on top of your head like it usually does, was it the piranha plant that they give you no indication is coming. I have no idea. No warning of anything coming your way like the last few games used to do. No indication of the item that hit you like a shattering shell. Nothing, just you've been hit, deal with it. If you were allowed to look behind you, maybe you'd be able to see something on occasion, but no you can't do that either unless you have a game pad, but wait! only one person is allowed to use a gamepad. Doesn't help the rest of us..... This game needs to be patched desperately. It's amazing they took so long to release this and it still works horribly. Don't get me wrong I love the graphics, I love the new feel of driving. You're actually capable of driving manually now. Where as in the other game if you wanted to drive manually you had to have a specific kart to make it possible (but it had no acceleration, or speed so you'd lose anyway). I just can't focus on any of its positives when actually playing the normal game is impossible to do, and is so horribly flawed."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"kevin mira","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2GLVORJ7XBGNL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It look good as new i love it"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"LifeRush","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LAB45C24ORUR","Helpful Votes":"4.0/7.0","Review":"Wont get into details. Nintendo makes the best games, and this series is the best. Absolutely beautiful on WiiU. Oh yeah!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Zuzunaga Salgueiro Mauricio","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A26QB0PUVXM9SD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very funny mi child loves it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Peter J. Rossi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AMA97O5E5IVLV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"best mario kart game to date"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"julio berducido","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1P8NHM2SDNLW1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My wife and i love the game,"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cody","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ABS9UFM9UOPLD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome Game. Reduced Price!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Denise Baldwin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYKJ5M2JQQFQY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My daughter loves this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"doreen","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2KZVXRQS600VU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My grandson loves this game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Kathleen Weiss","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A195YDQ3MI5RHS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"very pleased with this game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2G5CGQ08QPUVH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"love this game so addicting"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kyle Davis","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BVTNN65F47N7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Good times and classic fun!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"anna skwierinski","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A184ZTUMUQDVMS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"One of my son's favorite.."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"gabriel mendez suarez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MCPMQ89E8T6S","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game. Recommended."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ximena G.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1BLZOABGHQOS7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Perfect. Delivery on time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kimberly Hamlin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2G1H1GMW29HKF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love love love Mario Kart."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"rushboy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2G4E47LIR27ZA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"just what my family needed"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"The Donaldson's","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2LSSNE3BEUG1R","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"just amazing, best one yet"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Keith Sowa","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A279V5A255HGS4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This game is pretty awesome - I got my son a Wii U last Christmas and he loves everything Mario. Unfortunately there is a serious lack of games for the Wii U, which makes the hardware sales lag, which makes developers reluctant to make games for it in a reinforcing cycle. However this game is a worthwhile offering. The game (like the other Mario games) looks AMAZING in HD. I love the updated retro tracks. Other than that, well, it's Mario Kart. If you've played any of them, and unless you've lived in a cave, you probably have, you know what to expect. It's fun. It's great. You want to keep playing. I wanted to give this game 5 stars but I couldn't. The battle mode is just... meh. There are no battle arenas (and no mini-map) so you just drive around the track hoping you find someone on the other team. My son loves this but I really don't want to be bothered with it. It feels like they gave up and just threw this mode in the game for the sake of having it. So I have to knock off a star for that."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"deb","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1YO0E06SWHVXV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Husband and kids love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Nicole Blazevic-Seibert \"Nicole Blazevic-Seibert\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2HMK9XJQKKXGQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun for the whole family!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2PLTVCKK0BNMT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario Kart Game Yet!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jessica DeCandia","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BSX22VGHPEN7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Came in perfect condition"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Virgilio Estrada","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1Z22EG2BCGGD3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"exelent game,fast shiping"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Karen West \"Karen - gp\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3UKMYPIXGO9M3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"was a gift & he loves it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Miguel D Villavicencio","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3OAMV0TWEFGN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best game of early 2014!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jason","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AGW1LO908T2JX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun.... Need I say more?"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Johan Yapo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3HK18ZC3B1FBN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"BEST OF THE SERIES S FAR"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"steven","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJSDGO4CRQ8P4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"i like the game so much"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Guillermo Jose Chan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7AZ45OGLZNHG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awsome sequel! Love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"AAW","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ZEGJWICC2NN7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My son loves this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sharon v","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3J29CKW68FLNX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My grandson loves it!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"CHIA","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A18HGI2ZN6X2RV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My children loved it!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"KerpoKitty","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A36KTDBDFUK70W","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"The game is just okay. Battlemode is garbage. The way the AI interacts with you on multilayer 150cc + is beyond ridiculous. The retro maps have been altered for the worse to accommodate mechanics new to this iteration. There are too many powerups on the board at any given time. Nintendo is advertising their DLC in the game via showing me maps that have not been released yet, scrunching up my maps screen and character list. One of the DLC packs isn't even going to be out until April 2015, so that's seven months of unusable icons that I have to look at.The roster sheet is weak, with multiple babies and koopalings. The DLC packs only give three new characters to the rosters, 2 of them being from Animal Crossing and the other is Link. I personally wish Link and Dry Bowser had been packaged together, but it's quite probable that Nintendo will have a better sell rate for each of the packs if they are kept separate."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"douglas metz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AT45UXXABJ90X","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"great game, a must buy"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Yousuf Ahmad Ali","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1PDOJ3CLEVZE1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Thanks for your review"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. T. Rogers \"jrsfc\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1011YQFAAIU6U","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game, excellent!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"felix","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3HW4FD67AG238","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 rules!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Aman","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AGMRF9UTFF9GP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game, pure fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brandon Taylor","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3DEKX7VFARGZP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game. Thanks."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Eduardo Padilla","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1QJ1HG8E3N7D0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Console for all ages"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Adrian Lowery","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AN3B5TJCID0YG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Gift fir my grandson"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Robin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A317VHDPETH46G","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"pretty amazing game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"JCous","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2FJ26BB7QXNIV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Pure Mario Kart fun!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel Chacon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AS6S1ORMJR04J","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best Mario Kart ever"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"PaPa's Red Barn","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A212PXFOD9GF2L","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Came right on time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"laura gomes marchioni","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3NVDE6DN7GK02","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"my children love it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joshua Richardson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3K7ONTDW5CG2P","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Lots of family fun"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Robert SV","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A25JOBH4NJJYDZ","Helpful Votes":"2.0/4.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is a really good game, I was waiting it for too long, but when at last the game come out I was a little disappointed (just a little) when I compared it whit another great Racing Game Sonic & All Star Racing Transform I realize that Mario Kart 8 has some weak point, but first I'll write about the good ones (in my opinion) 1) The game's graphics are in just one word .. Amazing !!! 2) The online mode are so good like the one in MK Wii or MK7, its easy and fast to begin a race or battle 3) Good character's roster (and addition of Koopalings) 4) every track design is beautiful, including the retro cups 5) Had car customization, it is the same that appear in MK7 6) New race styles (The ones in Mk7 and the anti-gravity race) make the race a little challenge (just a little) And (in my opinion) this maybe are not weak points at all but compared with Sonic & All Stars Racing are the reason why I recommend Sonic instead of Mario Kart 8 for a hardcore gamer 1) Game Sound: it is not bad, but in some tracks the background music is not appropriate and some times the music just switch to another music without advice, it don't sound good for me 2) Just support 2 players(using the same Wii U) on online Multiplayer (Sonic Support up to 5, but the maximum players in Online on MK8 are 12 and on Sonic & All Star are up to 10) 3) Very Easy, even the 150CC Class is not so challenge enough, so while MK8 can be a very easy game, Sonic & All Star is more challenger within 4 difficult levels (easy, normal, difficult and expert) 4) Light amount of race styles, just race and a poor battle mode, if someone who read this are played Sonic & All star racing transformed know how many race styles and battles mode are in the game, and MK8 had just the balloon battle. So my recommendations is if U are looking a challenge and fun racing games for Wii U whit many amount of content, buy Sonic and All star racing Transformed, but if U're looking a funny game just to enjoy and relax or for a little children your better options in Mario Kart 8, both are great racing games but while Sonic & All Star Racing Transformed is more oriented to be a challenge game, Mario Kart 8 is more oriented to be a enjoyable game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James mang \"veg\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AM7ZCZ9ZHHZ9B","Helpful Votes":"2.0/4.0","Review":"Its beast, Its amazing its insane. This game is kart racing in perfect form. The graphics are beautiful the level designs are solid and the amount of content to keep a person busy is insane. This game is so solid, I have not felt this way since Mario Kart 64."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"fun","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1KIDQFAF2805U","Helpful Votes":"2.0/4.0","Review":"I'm 13 year old RJ the Tech Kid, and I'm sharing my review on Nintendo's latest version of the Mario Kart Series! Mario Kart 8 is probably Nintendo's best of the series and improves on previous parts of the game and adds on to the already amazing experience! Nintendo makes almost every small detail of the experience better. Overall Nintendo perfects an already great series! If you liked the previous series or just want to find a great fun game everyone can play, you can be sure Mario Kart 8 will be fun for everyone! First the Graphics, are simply amazing. They are in full 1080p HD and I've never seen a game so beautiful, this is amazing as I've played a lot of games. Also this is at an amazing 60fps that means you will barely notice any stuttering and the whole game is very smooth and buttery so the overall experience is even better! Next, It's for everyone. Basically anyone can pick up and start playing and learn the game in a few minutes! Some of it is hard to learn I admit and getting adjusted to the new anti-gravity or new course is a bit hard! But once you get used to it they become amazing and a great part of the game. And it's just a great fun game that everyone will enjoy, young old never picked up a game or a full time gamer! Mario Kart is sure to please almost everyone! Another thing, New features! Anti-gravity The new anti-gravity feature adds a few fun touches to the game and allows the courses to be totally re imagined! Some people say it doesn't add much depth to the game but I think it's amazing. For example, if you hit someone in anti-gravity mode you get a quick speed boost! or when your in a tight course you can be on the ceilings or the side of the wall! And almost every course is redesigned and it takes advantage of all new features! from using anti-gravity and flying off ceilings! too diving deep underwater! or even just taking in the the beautiful graphics! The Experience, I didn't want this review to be long but you really have to try the game to appreciate it! Nintendo improved on all the important things and made things even funner that even the hardest crowd pleasers will enjoy! Also if you want to try out the game they might have a demo at your local Target or Gamestop! Overall, the game is amazing but not exceptional. It has a few rough edges here and there and most people will say it's the same Mario Kart over and over but Nintendo improves what matters. And the game won't please everyone but I'm sure 9/10 will! It's a great game and I hope you love it the same way I did! Hoping to post more reviews soon and maybe an in depth review also later when I get a little more play time :)"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2E2UL3ALSVDN7","Helpful Votes":"2.0/4.0","Review":"Definitely 5 stars. as it's only one day old, I haven't explored everything yet, but this game is terrific. I'm 32 years old and have been playing Mario Kart since the first one came out. Upgraded graphics/performance allows for more exciting and varied tracks. Doesn't look pixely anymore like on the Wii and prior iterations. Parity is still the name of the game. Karts in lower ranks will get better items. Karts at the top will get coins, green shells, and banana peels primarily. You can adjust your karts to modify your handling, weight, etc to fine tune that character you like in order to have more favorable attributes. Use the \"+\" button while changing your kart to see the results from tweaks. The kids love it and so do I. Money well spent plus you get a bonus game download if you buy and upload your code to Club Nintendo by July 2014. I've been wanting Pikmin 3 AND Windwaker so this is \"buy one get one free.\""}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"angel padron","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A12F1JKEEGHYUH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"buenisimo........"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mrs. Mr.. Mumford Jr.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A112EXGPYBT397","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great Game Night."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"David Mills","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ACFKEVMZ9M0AM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Bro. So good bro."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gisele Andrade","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3BHR68G75ZUYY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Perfect condition"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"victor","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2F9PIW2TBU4Q0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesomeness!!!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Christian","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1BXQI6P35EUXL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"I love this game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Ryan S. Wang","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3ISBOFWE1FXIM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Cool racing game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Brian Schwarm","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2VN2NVIT4M4XX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A blast to play!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Me","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UA8HHIP4IPSH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great as always!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Troycie williams","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ALYZPF2NV21W","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"very satisfied!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"MMAGuy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15ZVFQH1L3K8E","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Tene james","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A6H0PQIX5JT4C","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"My kid loves it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Steven","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1USSDDYNVFO8K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best game ever!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Carlos","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A127DWQ4ZU18MC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"my kids love it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1HDUD8AUYYHIT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"viti","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3HR16QI7S44QF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent item!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joel Carmona","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1RP1EB3D3PGDI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"EXCELENT ALL OK"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"KingGraham","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A10TB7BDNIDTVU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best game ever!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ryan johnson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3JFBXOILCOXX0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love this game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"edgardo r zucchi","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1VEFYKSR5GY7A","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excelent game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Aaron Hagen","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2CA1NF2SPD6OT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"excellent game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jean M. Tuffley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1UX5Q3E6XZZSS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"It was a gift."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Francesco Jimenez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LLG2PK279TW4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Funny as hell."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Adolfo A. Albarran R","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3995TY1L9CMFL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Is Amazing!!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. McKeehan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1FHFUPEMBHUOC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"great fun game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rebecca Dharmasiri","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15Y9IYF7ILVMH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very good game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rodrigo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1CVWEFSIV462Z","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"excelent game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Von C. Valdez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3S8OTWLJP65CO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game.."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kelvin Lin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A112FPZMZUGRTX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I think the measure of a good party game is the amount of swear words per second thrown around while playing it, and lemme tell you when I brought this over to my friend's house, there was more swearing than in a Samuel L Jackson movie. Even the spectators were swearing. While it may ruin some friendships, those people probably suck at Mario kart and don't deserve to be in your presence. Great for parties. Not so great for young children and/or senior citizens. A+ would recommend"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jill Rogers","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1CAM60TAYO2YE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Cristian A. Diaz H","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2KPYAGWLBM6ZY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mark Esparza","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1J0G6F79T71D5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun Fun Game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Xochitl","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2CNMHJI82Z9K4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"hours of fun!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Patrick S.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A285WJWDLR31SO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"OMG BEST EVAR"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ludwing Lopez Alvear","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYW4052WFQ6E4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"RECOMENDADO!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Burkett","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1UFZ4SW87JZF5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Kids love it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Javier Ricardo Ortiz Casillas","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1V9CD5U8EWD10","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"good product"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Emanuel A Tapia","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A17R8XO51T4NBD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Shit is dank"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"justin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A28BR4JFK8OGY8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Kids love it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Michael Chenoweth","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2KBXI1FU5NQ36","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"awesome game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jeremy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ADLL1Q0DYHK0","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"twobee","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1K9WQ49GSZQWQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Luis Alberto Arias Solrzano","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AHVIZIKAJI2B4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"tcpuccio1","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LJXWJMCTSKL1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Roberto Cespedes","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A24W2VSVQS80A5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Robert","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2LDJ14A06UI7B","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amber Patten","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AIKFET7EYU4VZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great Game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sara","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A73RIG42J4XAS","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"We love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"yandy hernandez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AMOM49QHRZKNV","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"fun to play"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"KandJ","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A263X39NXGVXLG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Single player is gorgeous and worth playing if you have a nice big HD tv just to see the gorgeous tracks. It doesn't feel as fast as other Mario Karts, and the nerf on toad's highway is heartbreaking. Local multiplayer has been destroyed. There's no longer arenas dedicated to multiplayer battles, just the same tracks with some weapons thrown in. Vertical split on the multiplayer screen is also infuriating."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Yuichi Kajiwara","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYIM1FCCDQTN4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joshua Tape","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AUBDNZKPIHV0Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Best deal!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Crystal Graham","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AV4U4S7NRFX8M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Franisco F.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2A8PE22FS7ZZA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Awesome!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"William Miller","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A19IRSXP37NERN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Vander","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29ERZ2GC7E5E7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Michel U. Miguel \"Napinha\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1TJLWLBKXKGVZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Very fun!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"WHITNEY","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A31Y90NB5V80IA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"great game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Matthew Ferguson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ALW4645ZGS2S4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great Game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel Clark","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AT8591UCHE06Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great fun!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mac","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3O18HTVUWRY3D","Helpful Votes":"5.0/9.0","Review":"I highly recommend picking this up if you own a Wii U. The new features were well executed and it still retains that same Mario Kart feel."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"EskuchenJia","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1Z3HUIXG76YCV","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":"I fear Nintendo is slowly just fading away. They have the classics going for them, but as much fun as Mario Kart 8 was to play... I played it... I stopped... and I moved on. I had no desire to come back. I didn't miss it. Sure, there are some new features, but I still walk away feeling like I've been there, done that. And if I want to feel \"been there, done that,\" why buy a new system and game when I can just play the one I've already been playing for years. At least Mario World 3D felt like something new with a familiar cast, but Mario Kart 8, and even the new Smash Bros. just feel familiar. They couldn't even come up with a creative name. They just numbered it the next in the series. It looks like downloadable content could be bringing Mario Kart close to a \"Smash Bros Kart\" adventure, which I think I'd find interesting, but for now I'm just disappointed. Remember how the original PlayStation was re-released as a PSX? PS2 was re-released as a slim? PS3 and XBox 360s were re-released numerous times with upgrades or form factor changes? Well each of those consoles had a clear and obvious successor. But, in the same way the Wii U pretends to be a next-gen console when really it's just a repackaged upgrade of the Wii, so is Mario Kart 8 a repackaged upgrade of what came before. I was excited and looking for something new (with both the Wii U and Mario Kart 8)... But we ended up with a used car with a new paint job. Good to enjoy with your friends... but... in the end... meh..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"ben kagan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2DVVPXPFZR44U","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"My family and I love the game. we play all the time. there is an issue with the disc where it freezes and we have to eject and re-insert the disc to keep playing. Also because the game was Used/refurbed, the Nintendo club code was missing so I couldn't register it to our account. We were still able to get the DLC for the game which is cool."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Preedee T.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A28LAV9LH0GTPK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I like this game, but I hate a bad and cheating AI. CPU always cheating on you by giving you an useless item like coins (but they got the good items), I got coins 10 times in a row in 150 cc. racing. Compared to online mode everybody gets item in the same rate. Why Nintendo put AI on CPU with cheating stuff which make this so boring. This game will get 5 five star if they not put a bad AI which always looking on cheating every time."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jasper","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A16O9V0N14TQXL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Excellent new tracks! We had a ball laughing at the silly stuff. Definitely recommend it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jay","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYO3NCNMOCAJL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Nintendo nailed it with this iteration of MK. it is just a delight."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Angel Bruzos","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AAPS7XT1296K3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I won't repeat the accolades from other reviewers, but I do want to point out that the Battle Mode, contrary to popular opinion, is an excellent feature and works great. It is not lazy by any means. Using real tracks is a subtle way to allow for exploration and more strategy. The U turn mechanic is amazing and hectic. Online battle plays well. Perfect game. Now bring on the DLC !!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Desiree Reyna \"pink Bunni\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1GNP2XECFZHRJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"A fun game to play with family and friends."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"VA Gamer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A109IF09XK3YNQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"It's fun and imaginative, the controls are tight, the on-line functionality is superb, and Mario Kart in HD is a sight to behold. Inventive new tracks alongside revisitations to old favorites. The controls are fine using the tablet or a pro controller."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Michael Wolfle","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2TQ5UHRCV45D8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Great game. Very fun for the whole family!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jonathan Ordaz","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1B9O9TSPK5HY3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This game is amazing. Shipped on time. Couldn't ask for anything better."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rachel Domba","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1AWZY9EJ2K9EM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"My nephew wanted to get this as a present -- as long as he is happy, so am I. :)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jason Meredith","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AF9DPI6BMFQHY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"awesome game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Adalwolf","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AV00WFBKK43X2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Pros: *So many characters! *You can pick the same characters as your friends without fighting! *Online racing is really fun *Tons of levels *Carts overall seem balanced *Love the levels. They're really engaging, colorful, and are sufficiently different from one to the next *Highlight reel can be hilarious Cons: *No solo campaign. I realize that online multiplayer is where it's at, but I kind of miss having a solo campaign racing adventure *Why is view highlight reel the first option after a race is finished!? It should be a button for the next race instead!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Giovanni","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ABT59GQGUWMUZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Amazing game, I also got a code to download a free game from the eshop, promo available until July, 2014. A must-have for your Wii U!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tech Junky 101","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1U5D4TQRM9GB7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Nintendo has won me back as a fan. This game is just pure awesome. I haven't had this much fun gaming in years. Sure, I own an Xbox One and was blown away by Titanfall, but this game is even better. Replay value is huge, HD is awesome, fun factor is there every single time. It never gets repetitive. Honestly, with home run games like this all Nintendo needs is Nintendo - they just actually have to make the games! There can be improvement in some areas. Battle is a huge disappointment, totally rushed at end and broken - it's not even fun. Still I'm giving it 5 stars because I can't put it down, all I want to do is race. I haven't even touched my Xbox One since this came out, enough said."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Paulo Ricardo Koronfli","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A23WL8AMN4LS5U","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Excellent game, but once again, its unconfortable and stupid looking at the GamePad screen while you're in a high speed vehicle."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Hammer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AILO2LDEDT6OY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Good..."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Vincent","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1L8YTICTVN5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Mario kart is still fun since 64 still is mario I got it on Thursday I believe and it's fun would recommend it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Walid Ejje","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AFOCSNUF4LQDA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Dera Amazon, The product came very fast, in the estimated date. Due to Brazil tax issues, it came a little bit expensive, but , on the other hand , it came just like the expectations. Thank you, very much ! Walid Ejje ."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Alex Celeski","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A172QAY66Q3KVW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Too many baby characters and battle mode is mediocre. All that being said this game's standard racing is endless fun both local and online. So many rad kart pieces to unlock and the graphics are beautiful. Anti-gravity racing rules."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Carlos","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2JP3157DTNGEI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Easy to get into, many courses, great online play, one star off for not having battle mode arenas other than that it's a solid game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A26TS65SPQYEDF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"My son is 13 and he loves the \"old school\" games so to have a new game that is still kina old school is just what he likes!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"George Reid","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ACDR83K2TJTWR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"We love our Wii-U, and Mario Kart 8 makes it even better. It takes a little getting used to the gliding, but once you get used to it you will love it. There are also new features allowing you to stick to walls. We are just getting into it, but it is more fun every time we play it. Bravo Nintendo!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Adelson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1L9Z763L2W9M2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"If you don't have it,.... Buy it now... It is the best Mario Kart in the story of this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"M. Horton-Gaskins","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A31AF4S7R9P9DH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I have been playing this game since it was released. Still so much fun and I love playing it as a family! Get it, you won't be disappointed!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"T. M. Schwab \"Miguet Schwab\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3E3N1XZOYZ9FW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This is a fantastic new iteration to a great series, although I do wish we had some of the flavor from the \"Double Dash\" days back. The new courses are interesting and difficult, but so far not challenging to a frustrating degree (I'm through the first three new grand prix races). Great fun with friends, even non-gamers, although you need to watch for sore losers!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"T. alicea","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AV3YKSD49TUKL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This game is awesome and it shows they took there time making this the best mario kart to date , tbank you nintendo for not letting me down with this game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3S7W9UNOYD1N1","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Mario kart 8 is the greatest mario kart game since 64. While I did enjoy the gamecube-mk7 mario karts the were always just a bit to chaotic and more lucked based. All the mario karts are of coarse luck based and this on is no diffrent when it comes to that however its more balanced and even though small amount of luck is needed prepare to practice your driving skills as well you will need it online and on mirror mode. Hardware wize this game looks amazing for being on the wii u and i'd say surpasses most ps4/xbone games. I say this because the graphics keep the game running smooth while looking absolutly beautiful at the same time. The game is truely a work of art. The sound on this game is great to I recomend playing on surround sound if available. Surprizingly the karts sound like actual gokarts, mopeds, etc, even more so then most driving simulation games have done so far. As for the soundtrack its really good the more jazzish soundtrack on a few of the tracks flows very well with the races. Of coarse when it comes to mario kart none of that hardware and sound really matters as long as the game is fun. Which is where this game really shines. As mentined earlier the game is a lot more balanced you will see more green and red turtle shells then you will bullets, blue shells, other items that effect everybody in this version and its also slightly easier to dodge the red ones as well you have to be close up for a gurenteed hit. Of coarse you will still see plenty of items that effect everyone to so blue shells still cost races occasionally. However if you have the new item the super horn you can dodge it if you use it correctly. Also As usual there are 16 new coarses and 16 coarses from older games. The new tracks are amazing in this game as are *most* the older tracks. Most ofThe older tracks in this on are changed a lot so the feel new I like to think of it as new tracks inspired by the older ones The newest thing about this game is the anti gravity mode which turns the world of mario kart upside down. You will be driving up walls on ceilings and everything which really shakes things up. When your in this mode if you hit someone it actually speeds both players up so it leads to intresting things. Of coarse there is also new power ups such as the pirhana plant, superhorn, and a few others that replaced older ons that are sadly missing such as boo, fake question blocks. Also returning from Mk7 is underwater and hang gliding which was the best part about that on. With all that being said there is a few things wrong with this version of mario kart. Most importantly the battle mode is broken no more battle coarses instead you fight on regular coarses which is just plain lame and lazy on nintendos part. Also some of the n64 coarses are barely reconizeable toads turnpike has 4 lanes of traffic with them going in diffrent ways which competly kills the challenge of the original on mirror mode. Yoshis valley also tells what place your in which even though originally it was supposed to it was more fun not knowing. However don't let those minor nitpicks change your mind unless your big into the battle mode, the racing and multiplayer is the greatest mario kart has been in years and if you dont have a wii u you need to get on for this game along with 3d world. Also before july if you register this game on club nintendo you get a free game"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rafael Navarro \"papimillenium\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2I0GYJJRV9655","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I loved the game, it actually brought my wife whom doesn't play games to join in on the action. My 5 year old loves it, I love it and my wife loves it, what more can you ask for. Not to mention Nintendo offered a free game code for registering it with CLUB NINTENDO! Nice...."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Ckiri","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2HXBTVNQA7OSY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Before playing it I had no great expectations for this game, just because after playing so many MKs but having played other karting games (like Sonic All-Stars Racing or MCR) I didn't think the game had much room for evolution or improvement. Me and most of my friends agreed that the MK series was based way too much on luck rather than skill and we get why that is, but I didn't think the series had found its right balance. But, as everyone knows, the MK series is always crazy fun and has great local multiplayer (something that is becoming more and more rare this days in games) so that's why I bought the game despite what I previously said. Now that I have played it, me and my friends are loving it. While not a new feature, the ability to customize your vehicle let's you trade in some attributes you don't need for the ones you want more of although, after unlocking all the parts, I think there should be more. The tracks are great, with some of the easier ones kind of boring. The retro tracks are beautifully remade (especially Rainbow Road 64). While some people might think 32 tracks might not be amazing, the gameplay makes up for it making each race feel fresh. Now when it comes to the gameplay (the most important thing) I think the series has finally found its balance between skill and luck (hardcore vs. casual some might say) starting with the fact that the blue shell can be destroyed with a new item. But the chances of getting which items at what place are well thought out and make you feel you've still got a chance even when you're way behind. The character roster might be the most disappointing thing in this game with something like 30 characters, with most of them being the Koopalings, and a lot of previous great characters missing. So there you have it, sorry I know the structure of this review is very poor. But I wanted to share my opinion on a game series that I thought was getting stale but swayed me back with this latest entry."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tary","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQDY7FCYTEKQA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Like any other Mario games, this game don't disappoint. Its fun to play with friends, family or even alone. This game got stages from old Nintendo 64 to the previous Wii. It also have lots of new and old characters. One of the best part of this game is that you can unlock and customize your vehicle."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James Agee","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A28IAZZI0SNRMW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This is by far the best game on the Wii U to date! It is the Mario Kart that we all know and love but with a few new features! For starters, it's beautiful with the new graphics in the game! The tracks are great and feature a variety of obstacles that make them more fun and interesting. The battles are odd though because they aren't arena type areas anymore, instead you race around on the track to find your opponent which is complicated at times, this is only when you choose the battle mode though. The carts have lots of options for customization and fun unlock-able add-ons. The characters make a nice variety, but I could have done without the baby characters and the many bad-guy characters that all look the same after a while. More variety would've been better, such as Dry Bones or characters like that. Another thing to note is that the overall mechanics and controls are smoother and feel better than previous games. Overall, it's my favorite game to date on the Wii U!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"DPA","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A14MWK83ZLO0L9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I know a handful of people who bought a Wii U just to play this game, it's so fun. It's one of those rare games that's worth buying a new system for. Having grown up playing console video games, I'm happy that I've finally found a game that my kids really enjoy that isn't on an iPad. It seems a rarity to find games today that the whole family can play and enjoy together, no matter the age or skill level."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Patrick Gollmann","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A390H25IKI2Z59","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Mario Kart wii was a nice installment to the franchise but the items were unbalanced and the vehicle balancing was awful. MKW was something I would play but not go back to time and time again. Mario Kart 8 is something else entirely . They have beautifully balanced both the items karts and tracks to bring in a wonderful combo breaker. This is easily my favorite Mario kart and I just can't stop playing it. The best part is rather then hitting your wife with a green shell and winning the race this time you can hit her with a green shell pass her take 1st place and then replay it over and over on the race high lights feature. Did I say that this can be done in slow motion! You can go from a slight punch in the arm. To sleeping on the couch in just a few replays! Really though in all honesty this game is fantastic and all the more reason to own what I feel is one of the best Systems ever made."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Spencer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1RPRUKOZ3ZGFY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Gameplay is very smooth. Graphics are crisp and wonderful to look at. The games color palette is topnotch. Wii remote responsiveness is superb. Online single player and two player modes work fantastic. This game is probably the best game to have on the Wii U at this time (Mid-June 2014). The game is blast for people of all ages and is definitely easy enough for younger kids and the older, technology illiterate. Everyone should have Mario Kart 8!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"merylisk","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1UTBQ5UUP37MG","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Great game! I love Baby Daisy and the Koopa Kids! Excellent new installation in the franchise, I highly recommend this game. It might be the best Mario Kart yet!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"T. Steven Thompson \"antr09\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A35HJJWAIYOX1Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I have been a little mad at Nintendo for a bit. I got the Wii U the day it came out, have bought all the games worth getting to this point... I love Mario Kart... I secretly wanted this game to be a fail at the expense of my own fun, just so that Nintendo could finally reveal that they are going under... I was pretty disappointed, because I love this game. It is THE best game on the Wii U right now. This really boosts my confidence in the future software for Wii U. The graphics are great, the online mode is really fun. Maybe I'm not as good as I think I am, but unlike other reviewers, the game isn't exactly as easy as they say (at least on CPU = Hard @ 150cc).. My favorite levels are the Haunted Mansion and the Bowser's Castle. The remastered tracks from previous Mario Kart installments are well done and each have their own modern additions for Mario Kart 8 to include the flying and submarine karts. In conclusion, while I do like my Wii U and the software it has to offer, none of them have managed to have me coming back for more as much as I'm sure this one will. Super Smash Bros. should be great according to these standards!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"MJB","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1F012AJGE9ATP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"If you are a fan of the Mario Kart series, this won't disappoint. You'll spend hours unlocking new Kart customizations to create combinations that work better in some circuits than others. The online play adds new life to the Mario Kart series and compared to previously terrible online Nintendo experiences (Smash Bros. Brawl, anyone?) This is a solid step up. The tracks are a mixture of old and new, although a good portion are old arenas from previous entries in the series. They have been updated to display the new graphical capability of the Wii U and to reflect the newer game mechanics like the anti-gravity spots and underwater areas. The items changed about when Mario Kart 64 hit the scene and the dreaded Blue Shell appeared which still is nearly unavoidable (unless you've got the Mega Horn) and always comes at the wrong time. This is more an issue in 150cc cup racing than 100cc or 50cc. The items are also a mixture of old and new but while cool concepts, they fall short of being anything spectacularly new. I can say I honestly like the Boomerang Flower item and it gives you a chance to get a rebound shot at an angle, but otherwise the items and tracks seem relatively the same to me. 1500cc is still frustratingly hard. You can be in 1st place one minute and 8th the next if one shell hits you or you run into a wall. There has to be a catalyst somewhere that can even out the insane AI that has it in for you. I've grown used to this--but it still can be frustrating when your about to cross the finish line and Lemmy Koopa gives you the middle finger and takes 1st after you've made every right move. Speaking of which--the character roster could stand a fresh bunch of faces. Instead of all these Koopa Kids, why not the different colored Yoshis?! Each Yoshi could have its own unique property. Heck, Smash Bros. is a conglomerate of different Nintendo characters, why not have Link, Fox McCloud and Zero Suit Samus on Karts racing alongside Mario and Luigi? I got used to the screen being split vertically instead of horizontally for this entry into the series. There's actually enough screen real-estate to make that shift relatively painless. The only real 'bad' part of the game is the terrible battle balloon system. Which is terrible, since I loved that part of the series! What makes it so bad is that instead of an arena to fight in, Nintendo allows you to square off in an entire circuit track and you can go forward or backwards and spend forever trying to hunt down opponents making the fight drag on endlessly. They need to be smaller arenas with defined boarders not huge, wide-open tracks! You can't keep your eye on your opponents this way. Overall, I highly recommend Mario Kart 8. If you have a Wii U, it is a staple game in the Mario franchise and a breath of fresh air for system owners. Nintendo has a bad habit of under-developing its main consoles, so lets hope this is just a taste of what's to come."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Poppies_rule","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A31ZO2G7KA11AR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This is the first time I've been able to play mario kart with friends with the screen split 4 ways and actually retain good graphics and frame rate and isn't that what Mario Kart is all about? Sitting on the couch, shooting a turtle shell at your best friend, right before they cross the finish line. Sure the one player mode isn't deep. And it is in other racing games like Gran Turismo? What do people expect? The one player version of racing games is pretty formulaic. You race in a series of multi-race cups and unlock stuff if you win. Sure, Diddy Kong Racing back in the day (still have it on N64) was a bit more inventive but I played it recently and it's not that different. And I just don't understand why reviewers aren't dinging Gran Turismo or PGR for following that same formula iteration after iteration. The tracks are absolutely gorgeous and entertaining. There is a lot more verticality in this game which I have found gets me leaning over in my seat. The amount of weapons/boost and their power seems fairly appropriate, still perhaps a bit too strong. The anti-gravity effects are a fun, if minor, addition. This is clearly the best Mario Kart to date. Finally in high definition and with good enough graphics to split screen four ways and maintain a good picture and decent framrate. Unless you just don't like Mario Kart (and hey, that's fine), I can't imagine why this isn't a 10/10. I will say I can't comment on battle mode. It's just not my thing and I've never liked it. It's like your playing Mario Kart without the race which is just removing the best level of excitement in my mind (you know, sticking to your buddy with a shell in his posterior right before he crossed the finish line). Also, I have not tried the game on-line so I can't review that aspect."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Thomas","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2VPYRJQIVAKLZ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"No better way to describe this! This game is the culmination of all the ones before it, and it is better in every way! My only complaint, and its a small one, is you can no longer carry two items with you. One on the back of your kart, and one in reserve. But outside of that, everything else has been polished and improved upon in every way. Track design and graphics are beautiful and rival that of what is on the PS4 and Xbox One. Great game that everyone should have a chance to enjoy!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Keegan Calhoun","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3QXOEH2RIUZ9C","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"this game has blown me away on all accounts. Visually, this game is one of Nintendo's finest and most polished. the online racing is an excellent feature done very well this time around. I love have the option for worldwide, region, or to race with friends. The battle mode took some getting used to but it is definitely growing on me. Overall, excellent game and I hope the Wii U does better for it."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"AmazonAJ \"A.J.\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ARP38C8IJIKGQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"WOW!!! Mario Kart 8 is the most fun I've had with a racing game since Double Dash. The reason is the anti gravity aspect, it is not just a gimmick but adds so much to the experience. It adds a strategic element when in anti gravity mode since bumping into fellow racers when in anti gravity gives you a speed boost. In some races I bumped into the racer in front of me and got the speed boost to go on and win the race. Riding across walls is super cool as well and gives you many route options depending on the track. The graphics are just OMG!!! The game is beautiful and everything just glistens and glows...it has to be seen in person the online videos do not do it justice. Visuals aside the racing controls are tight and responsive, the game is easy to pick up but you still need skills to master. This makes the game perfect for all ages and skill types. The tracks are all wonderful, the new and remastered. I almost had tears in my eyes playing rainbow road from n64. The online is the best online Nintendo has to offer. It is very easy to join races/battles and I have yet to have any major issues. The online should keep me busy for a long time. Now a lot of people are bashing the battle mode and while it is disappointing somewhat it has started to grow on me. I view the battle mode as a supplement to the core racing anyway so maybe I don't mind the battle mode as much. Overall this game is a BLAST to play and is a great game for all ages and skill levels. I mean how can you not like Mario Kart 8? It has that Nintendo polish that you can't get elsewhere and is most fun I've had in a while. If you have a Wii U Mario Kart 8 is a must and if you don't own the console it is a great time to pick that awesome Mario Kart 8 bundle. Mario Kart 8 is one of the best offerings on the Wii U only behind Super Mario 3D World. In my opinion of course."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"BobBob","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A23OXA9M7VS8II","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Great graphics, great gameplay, great controls, great new maps, and great online play. It is the Mario Kart you have always loved and in my opinion the best one yet. If you have a Wii U and don't buy this game, then you shouldn't have a Wii U. If you don't have a Wii U, then you should really buy one to play this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kevin S","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3B2592C18AKVO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"this was the best game i ever got!but it was easy and i play it about an hour every day! i LOVE it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Samuel McConnell","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A34RASCC73ATW3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"There are some games that I\u2019ll almost always buy, simply because of the name. Super Mario. Street Fighter. The Legend of Zelda. Pokmon. Final Fantasy. Mario Kart. It isn\u2019t just because of brand loyalty, but rather that the quality of these games is always of such a caliber that I\u2019ve never felt disappointed. So when Mariokart 8 came out last week, I didn\u2019t wait for a single review before I rushed out and bought it. If you\u2019ve played a Mario Kart game before, especially 2008\u2019s Mariokart Wii or 2011\u2019s Mariokart 7, this game will be instantly familiar to you. You can choose from a selection of characters from all ends of the Mario franchise, then choose whether you want to drive a go-kart, a motorcycle, or an ATV, and then choose from one of 32 different race tracks. You can play by yourself or with up to 3 other people in front of your TV, or up to 11 of your friends online. Returning, of course, are the items - mushrooms, fire flowers, and of course the infamous Blue Shell. The further behind you are, the more helpful the items you receive are, helping you fight your way back to first place. New in this iteration is the ability to drive on walls and ceilings using anti-gravity wheels. This is mostly just a gimmick, because despite this, gameplay is nearly unchanged from previous Mario Kart games. Looking back at my reviews of other Nintendo games, I\u2019ve noticed a trend. Every major game Nintendo has released lately is the pinnacle of their respective franchises, with nearly endless polish and refinement. Super Mario 3D World, Pokmon X and Y, Zelda, and now Mariokart 8 - while these are all certainly the best examples of these series that have ever been available, they don\u2019t take many risks or push the genre or the medium very far. These are the video game equivalents of summer blockbuster movies: fun, nice to look at, expensive to make, and full of mass appeal, but ultimately not as memorable as smaller, more intimate titles that actually challenge you or make you think. Nevertheless, Mariokart 8 is certainly the pinnacle of the series thus far, and if you have a Wii U (and I think you should!), this is one game that shouldn\u2019t be missing from your library."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Leandro Bonilla","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BQV5X06320B","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"By far one of the best Mario Karts ever made. If Nintendo were smart they would do some DLC to make this game a masterpiece. Either way with or without it, it is an amazing game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kyle Williams","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2DLWVQNB8W43Y","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Mario Kart Wii was a disappointment with its broken item system (you never stay towards the back of the pack for long -- a bullet bill or something would always get you back to 4th place), boring level designs, lack of needed skill, and overall lack of updates to the game (with the exception of motion steering). Mario Kart 8 is not only far better than its Wii predecessor but is also the best Mario Kart ever made. Nintendo managed a perfect balance of updates and sustainments. The main addition, anti-gravity, adds a nice touch to the racing experience without being too gimmicky. The new items are fresh and not overpowered (my personal favorite is the \"8\" item that gives you the eight main items all at once). The levels are well-designed and are free of annoying gimmicks. The graphics are some of the most beautiful I've ever seen on a Nintendo game. Graphics are usually something I don't care about at all but I couldn't help marveling over the detail. Even my friend, a lifetime PlayStation fan, was amazed by how good everything looked. Playing online with strangers is equally as fun as local multiplayer and is much more streamlined than the Wii version. As a huge Nintendo fan, I've noticed that Nintendo always loves to throw in features that may sound cool in advertisements but largely end up being useless. For this game, Mario Kart TV is that feature. After every race, you have the option to view, edit, and post your \"highlight reels\" to YouTube. The editing is very limited, however, and only allows you to change a few features before the game goes off and generates the highlight reel itself. I was racing with two other friends and we had a pretty awesome race that had us battling amongst the top three spots for the whole race. I thought this might be the first time I use the highlight feature but we were disappointed with how limited the editing was. Also, after each race, the \"View Highlights\" option is the first on the menu, meaning you have to scroll down to the \"Next Race\" option every time. A minor complaint, but still somewhat annoying. Pros: -Requires more skill than Wii version, thanks to balanced items -New items -Well-designed new levels -Racing on the Wii U Gamepad is very comfortable -Racing online with strangers is seamless -Beautiful graphics Cons: -Racing with friends can be difficult to arrange -Editing on Mario Kart TV is way too limited -Classic tracks are almost completely redesigned. Rainbow Road 64 was especially disappointing for me -- the track layout was completely different. The music seemed to be the only thing that was the same as the original."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Hal knows mods rule!","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7JFI7U13XASE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"To be honest, I had been wanting for this game for some time, though it's only been in the last four months this game has been in the forefront of my attention. My first impression is that the graphics are pretty good and the roster is excellent. The tracks are pretty interesting, and a blast to race on. However, the laps are only three laps on the 50cc speed. (I haven't tried the other speed yet, but I will soon.) With only 3 laps the races go pretty quickly, and you can easily beat all eight of the cups in one day if you have all day to do it. You could probably do it twice if you start at the crack of dawn and stop at two hours before midnight. Like I said, there is a good roster set, and the ability to chose different vehicles for each character only adds to the build of the roster. However, about half of the characters are locked, and you have to earn them. I didn't count all of the characters, but I've unlocked at least eight and they are more to unlock, I'd say at least eight more but I could be off on that number. They are eight cups with four races in each. The first four cups contain newer tracks, while the latter four contain tracks form the other Mario kart games of the past. With a total of 32 tracks, this game has plenty of exciting courses to race on, with unique concepts. One last thing I will add is this game plays a lot like Sonic All Stars Racing Transformed."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Roderic Rinehart \"Roderic\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A37AO20OXS51QA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"My all-time favorite and most-played game ever, even ahead of World of Warcraft, Civilization, and Zelda. The graphics are astonishingly good, crisp 60 FPS, multiplayer is a blast, online works flawlessly, and it is the best Mario Kart ever."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mike","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1I9RV1JHXCB0H","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Amazing game!!!!! Literally best of the franchise. It plays beautifully and os gorgous looking. I bought the wii u may 30 bundled with mario kart and its a amazing system and game. IF IR THINKING ABOUT OWNING A WII U LIKE I WAS STOP! GO BUY IT ASAP. these bu.dles are going fast. I read 1.2 million kart games sold in 48 hours worldwide. Dont buy the crappy PC XBONE OR PS4. all they havw is killem shootem up games. Same ol same ol. O amd sports games. Wow. O wow OLD NEWS XBONE! upcoming games 2014 for wii u are XENOGEAR. BAYONETTA 2. SMASH BROS 4. YOSHI. HYRULE WARRIORS. TRANSFORMERS. HOW TO BE A DRAGON 2. ZELDA. SONIC. AND POSSIBLE METROID NEXT YEAR! ummm ya take that third party only ps4 and xbone!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"John McLaughlin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1J6JS51DV2WX5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I bought a wii u deluxe just for this game and i think that its completely worth it. Plus registering this on club nintendo gets you a download code for one of four games. My free game was zelda the wind waker."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Bunson Honeydew","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A19FRW264WZTGP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"We are suckers for anything Mario Bros. We own the Wii Mater National, Mario Kart for Wii, Sonic Allstars for WiiU, and now this. This has the best graphics and it's fun for the whole family. The cars and bikes are awesome, as are the courses. It's great for my 5 year olds - they have a blast and it's easy for them to race. It's also easier for them to rack up points via coins (collect coins while racing) for new vehicles and features. So it keeps them busy when the weather is bad. I love it. I recommend it for good, clean family fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tyler","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A308QJ3EJ8HIPD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Just quickly wanted to give the game the five stars it deserves. Go buy it already. Buy it right now!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Bfriedli","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A234RCJUUC3A8F","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Absolutely amazing for far, graphics and design are stunning! Best Wii U game so far! Have played all course but have not unlocked every thing yet. Excited to try online races and tournaments!! Only critic I have is I wished all the courses were completely new then you would unlock old courses that have been redone with a twist, essentially adding more courses instead of the standard 32 course having 32 new courses then unlock 8 or so older newly updated course 40 in all. Maybe they will add more content in courses in an update down the road. Don't get me wrong the remakes have added content and are not exactly the same. Still a must buy. Only look at Verified Purchased reviews only, these reviews are from people that actual bought and played the game. I will update this in a week or so."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jesse Donovan Boyd","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2J0RYYW8B148F","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"My previous favorite in the Mario Kart series was Mario Kart: Double Dash!! I never thought that game could be dethroned... until now. This game is so fine tuned it's insane, everything just feels so polished and smooth. The power sliding has never been better and how much the kart parts change the handling and feel of the Kart is very cool. All the retro tracks are well done and upgraded but still recognisable to those that have played them, a triumph considering Mario Kart 7's retro tracks were almost unchanged, which made the snes tracks for me unplayable. The new power ups are all good and thank God for the whistle, we can finally stick it to that blue shell! Anti gravity is fun, though when you are focused on racing you won't notice it very much. Anyways overall it is my new favorite, I'm sorry Double Dash but it's time to hand over your crown."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"LV OBG","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2D68FIFEM9BTI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Lots of fun. The more advanced players might get bored a bit quickly, but this is just plain enjoyable. Now I know why I got the Wii U platform. Great graphics, pretty easy, but a nice break from reality."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Fahd Zarooni","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A633GA0P665DQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I finally got my hands on this game after such a long wait, I usually buy NTSC region consoles/games when it comes to Nintendo but for the Wii U I did the opposite so I can get the rest of the Wii U games along with Mario KArt 8 early & 2nd reason why I chose it in PAL region cause is wht my country uses since I can find Wii/Wii U games very easily compare to the U.S region, enough with that on the with game, imho Mario Kart 8 is so much better than Mario Kart Wii in everything, gameplay, graphics, online, controls are very smooth & fast, I've been playing it non stop ever since I bought it on the 28th of May, & almost 100% the game, got all the characters just need to finish 100cc & 150cc/mirror 3 stars then I'm done with game, overall, Mario Kart 8 is the best Mario Kart console game to date, gotta give it to Nintendo for making such an AWESOME racing game for the Wii U."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"brainiac723","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1E330XTGY2EP9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is an outstanding game. The graphics are gorgeous, the controls are tight, the level design is great, and the gameplay is a total blast. It truly feels like a culmination of all of the Mario kart games and it is a masterpiece. Nintendo still plays it a little too safe though. Where racing games from the past such as F-Zero GX, Diddy Kong Racing, Crash Team Racing, and Mario Kart DS had single player story modes and challenge modes, Mario Kart 8 does not. Just the standard Grand Prix races and online modes (which are fantastic by the way) Bottom Line: this game is DEFINITELY worth the purchase of a Wii U. If you're on the fence I highly recommend a purchase of a wii u just for this this game. And if you already have a wii u then this a no- brainer."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"randall","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A11UDZAOSKC0W8","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Hands down the best Mario Kart to date. HD..@ 60fps .. Mario Kart 8 looks so good and it's a blast to play. The online matches work great too. I was playing people from all over the world with NO LAG! Awesome job Nintendo. Also, I picked Pikmin 3 as my free game (have to register the game by July 31 2014 in order to get a free game) This is why I love Nintendo.. their games (made by them) are always 100% on point. I can't say enough about it. =)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"N. Johnson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WRJ9C056PV5H","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"We're all super happy that Mario Kart is back! Fun multiplayer action amidst effervescent visuals make this the best Kart yet. Support the Wii U if you want more great games from Nintendo!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rich(Anime&Games Will Always Prevail Forever!)","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AFV2584U13XP3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This is a definite must have for any WiiU owner as well as any fan of the Mario Kart franchise. All the characters obviously from the Mario universe are here as well as a few additional characters too and the racetracks for the game are fantastic though for longtime fans you might recognize a course or two. Also nice is the online gameplay which for either yourself or one other with you can join online races either regionally or globally depending on which you prefer. I had no trouble playing online with the game and saw no lagging or glitches throughout my ten races so far. If you want to see you past race triumphs and tragedies you can view them on Mario Kart t.v. which replays the highlights of your races and who you were racing against online or not. The controls are very easy to use and the little surprise you get along the track are also entertaining from blue shells to invulnerable star. Unlike some of the racing/driving games like Forza and the like you don't feel annoyance or frustration at coming in 7th place though you do feel better when you're one of the top four. The graphics are amazing showing the power the WiiU is capable of so for any doubters all I can is in your face! The vehicles each character gets are unique to them as well though some do have obvious similarities. It's great fun being able to play against those either here or somewhere around the world as you can see how you do. So for people who just got the WiiU or those who already have one and are just deciding on which game to add then look no further as this is one of the top five that is a must for any WiiU owner to have in their game collection."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Josh","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQD9TB8UZCB1V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"When I was thinking about buying Mario Kart 8 I heard many great things about it. I was thinking that it would be your standard Mario Kart with better graphics. But when I got my hands on it, oh boy was I in for a ride. First off, the visuals and details are fantastic at a first glance. The fact that the koopalings are now playable in this one made it even better. Another amazing thing about this is when you finish a race, you get to watch a custom replay of key parts of the race. You can even upload those key parts to Mario Kart TV and even YouTube! The only thing I am a tad disappointed with is the Battle Mode. I think they could of done much better with Battle Mode. Overall: Graphics: 5/5 Lasting Appeal: 5/5 Attention to Detail: 5/5 Multiplayer Support: 4/5"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"F. Friel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3N261O9CZ4MMH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I don't know why Nintendo doesn't launch their game systems with games like Mario Kart 8 anymore. They wonder why there are hurting.....it's because it takes a year and a half for them to release GOOD games for their new consoles! I'm totally impressed with Mario Kart 8....the graphics are fantastic...there is so much detail you feel like you are watching a real world go by...the music is great....and the character animations are really cool. And I love the new items and features....they really make the game a lot of fun. so far I have only played the 50cc levels.....which is pretty easy....but...that's true with all the previous Mario Kart games. If you have a WiiU....this is a must own game for sure!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ctstahley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A35TG5SANNO2U6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Mario Kart 64 has been my favorite since it's release, but that has now changed. Mario Kart 8 is simply amazing! The gameplay, the courses, and the beautiful HD graphics! Nintendo did a fantastic job with this new game in the series! I bought my Nintendo Wii U back in 2012 just for a new Mario Kart and I am not disappointed! Simply the best Nintendo game to date! ;D"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pol \"P\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A12XRMMPDPUPKH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"finally graphics show all the detail of the Mario World. music is ok. but everything else is top notch. i only like a few tracks. the gameplay is there. the maps are all very cool. lot of shortcuts all over the place. there are retro maps too redone to fit the new style of maps tons of characters different vehicles. custom tires. custom flight/float device. I only beat 50CC today & started playing against my cousins & friends, things got crazy.. shells & laughs flying everywhere LOL my friend liked it so much he's buying a WiiU tomorrow just for this game FUN FUN FUN 10/10"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"D. Fryar","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A39HF8W7Q3WWTR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is exceeding my expectations. My wife and I are having a great time with this game. Definitely worth purchasing!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Anuraag","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1M23BH4QHHNCX","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I didn't purchase Mario Kart here on Amazon, but rather part of a Wii U bundle from Walmart. Nonetheless this game has really satisfied my purchase of the Wii U. Ive played Mario Kart Wii before, but this is something beautiful and uniquely enjoyable. The game is something my whole family enjoys! Even though it's just been one day there have been lots of laughs and tears of joy and loss with this game. I highly recommend it for any Wii U owner! And if you don't own a Wii U, the bundle currently being offered can change that!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J \"Areswargod25\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A31107L5US45C","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"i think this one is the best of all the Mario kart games. ABSOLUTELY A MUST BUY! (in my opinion)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Poore Richard","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJMD5OSU8GE09","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This is why Nintendo sticks around. The fun factor. Mario Kart is pure fun, it's brilliant and addictive in every way. Great games come in all shapes and sizes but too often is the sheer fun of gaming subsided by hyper-realism, unbelievably long (and often excruciatingly superfluous) game play, and the incessant need to push an overdrawn story. So it\u2019s great to have these faithful stand-bys when you\u2019re ready to sit down, alone or with friends, and have a blast."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jesse Camp","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AIZLSEB9FHV9","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This game is SO GOOD! The graphics, music, and gameplay, is all well and above top-notch quality. I'm not kidding, this game is seriously.. Incredible. And incredibly fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Nitro","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1PEFBNGZD7AAC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This is the best Mario Kart hands down. this is the most balanced and most skill based mario kart. its very high risk high reward play style and i really like it. The tracks are beautiful. the remade ones are better than ever. buy this game!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"nate tillman","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A28VNKTAUS5GQW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"This game is great. If you like Mario Kart or better yet if you like fun, than pick this game up. It has a bunch of tracks and new attacks. The graphics are amazing, very clean, sharp, and smooth. It runs well and the online works great."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"jdmWONG","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3MX00JQWTYEEA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I almost never buy a game on launch day let alone write a review on one, but MK 8 is fantastic. Graphics, gameplay, level design and music have all exceeded my expectations. The online is well done and very addictive. I echo all the other positive reviews, If you own a Wii U this is a no brainer purchase."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sarvina Webster","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1DG2ILW6XV3QW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I bought this game today at my local gamestop because I'm too impatient to wait for delivery if I ordered it online. This game is so amazing! The soundtrack is grand, the graphics blew me away and the tracks are SO MUCH FUN! All the details put into this game is really just crazy awesome. If you've played Mario Kart in the past, you GOTTA play this one too! and even if you haven't played Mario Kart before give this game a shot! You won't be disappointed! seriously though, the soundtrack. I'm in love with it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Deif","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2B50QYKZSH6IW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"larry","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A673QBDWUNHQ7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"very good"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jose Ferreira","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2P872PWUK9LQ4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"excelente"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Fabio Castillo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJXTUDHS1GGXT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"excellent"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Nintendo Wii U","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SS96YNKZ5AWL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excellent"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tom27","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3A1B1D0FK40BC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Pure fun."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gail Bullard","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQNNBYTWJ65J2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Barbarita Gomez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ADIO8ZXI67EX4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"excellent"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Alexandria Rowland","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ATGHCRAAL3YE5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"I'm not really a big fan of MarioKart anyway, so my review is a little biased in that aspect. This game is great, but the controls can be extremely difficult and touchy. It'll take some time to get used to the controls and the dynamics of the game, but when you get used to it, it's definitely worth it. The kids absolutely love this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"ask","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15KPTN913LMTE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Perfect!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Rulfo Q","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A539I97VQ9X08","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Amazing!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Gustavo Pacchiega","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2W9N7I1CQ8OYT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pablo venegas","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3UHEGJTKK6VT5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Excelent"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Hugo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A134F4S89XZRID","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Exelente"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Dwayne Lynch \"DWINC\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1OH57CY5NYPH6","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Fun Game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Francisco Ferrer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AXHKEK4958UP7","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"excelent"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jade Brub Morin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2GOI69WPIIZNF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"karen wagner","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3JUMM2SYFLXX4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Frederick B.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3CRZK0N63H9II","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Love it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Bristot tatiana","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3KM84VPLOLYOC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"A++++++"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"elmer vasquez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ZMNUSN6VAHWM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"love it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"joanna","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AYVB9RO2UVJIL","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great.."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Leonardo Garbati","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1UDR4RRDV1A6V","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Ok good"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Duncan Toale","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A259TSKNCT2EVW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Amazing"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Tom Traubert","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3N65ZMIYEWQ8X","Helpful Votes":"22.0/37.0","Review":"I finally caved in and bought a Wii U because of this game - I have greatly enjoyed every Nintendo console, even the unfairly maligned Gamecube, but was holding off on the Wii U until either a Mario Kart or new Zelda game came out. So, was it worth it? YES. The Wii U is a lot more fun that it gets credit for and I sincerely hope sales turn around and the console sticks around for years to come. So how does Mario Kart 8 compare to the other 7? The good: + STUNNING GRAPHICS AND SOUND - People criticizing the Wii U's graphics can't have played this game yet. It looks absolutely beautiful - vibrant, sharp and detailed visuals. Needlessly to say, this is the best looking Mario Kart ever. The surround sound is also a huge bonus - you can hear shells coming up behind you and the revving of other racers' engines catching up to you. It truly makes racing more immersive than ever. The music is also wonderfully fun and cheesy at times, in a nostalgic, Nintendo kind of way. + VARIETY OF LEVELS - The game gives you a nice mix of nostalgic tracks from previous entries as well as several cups of new tracks, almost all of which incorporate the new anti-gravity feature. My only complaint with the anti-gravity is that I wanted more of it. They don't really use all the potential for this feature on most of the tracks, but it is still very fun and a little dizzying while playing on a 130\" projector screen (in a good way). + ONLINE PLAY - Much like Mario Kart Wii, the online play allows you to race opponents around the globe or just people on your friend list, whatever you prefer. It's fun and provides a much needed challenge due to the... The bad: - ...Lack of difficulty. 50cc is ridiculously easy. I am not an expert Kart player but I managed to take first place with max coins in every circuit on the first try. I didn't mind so much since I was still experiencing the new tracks and features for the first time, but then I tried 100cc and noticed very little increase in difficulty. 150cc is marginally more difficult, but after 20+ hours of gameplay, I have yet to get anything lower than 3rd place in a single race and I don't say that for nerdy bragging rights, I say it because that's pretty unacceptable for a game in 2014. Perhaps Nintendo is trying to cater to a younger, less experienced demographic? My girlfriend, who doesn't have much gaming experience, took at least 3rd place in every 50cc race on the first try. Needless to say, this was not my experience with any previous incarnation of the franchise. Mario Kart Wii gave me quite a challenge, even with some of the 100cc levels. 150cc bordered on ridiculously hard at times. But that's what kept me coming back - the drive (ha) to win and unlock new items, tracks and racers. After just a weekend of gameplay, I'm not sure how much I'm going to come back to this game, since the challenge just isn't there. Once you get in first place, you basically HAVE to drive off-track to lose it. Holding first for more than a minute or so was a rare experience in Mario Kart Wii, but once you've secured a decent lead in Mario Kart 8, you *might* get hit with a single blue shell. There have been races where I got into first place during the beginning of the first lap and didn't get hit with a single blue shell for all 3 laps. Things get boring fast if you take first early on. - Battle Mode is a wash. They simply re-purposed large sections of tracks in the game instead of creating new levels. The downside to this being the tracks are way too big for battling and half of your time will be spent simply looking for other karts. Seems like they phoned in Battle Mode at the last minute to get the game released early. We played it for about 5 minutes and gave up on it. Considering some players only play Kart for the battles, they will be likely be extremely disappointed with their purchase. A few nitpicks and changes from Mario Kart Wii: - You can no longer carry multiple items. For example, even if you're holding a banana behind you, you can't grab another item. I'm assuming this was done to put less emphasis on items and more on racing skill, but considering none of the tracks are particularly difficult, it really takes away from the challenge. - No more wheelies :( :( - The differences between the karts, bikes and fliers are very small. I've tried loads of combinations and noticed very little difference in handling or speed. There are a lot of other little nitpicks or positives you've already read in other reviews, but few critics and/or users seem to mention the profound lack of challenge in this game. Despite enjoying the game and loving the visuals, I can't give this game anything higher than 3.5 stars out of 5. How often can you play a game that isn't hard? I can't imagine any Kart fan hating this game, but \"Best Kart Ever\"? I have to respectfully disagree."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Saleh M Bajahmoom","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ACJX9SZXYVDSB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"THANKS"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"pedro martinez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SBULFV1ZKFYU","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Thanks"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"judy e cooper","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29HS0URQUF9K3","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"thanks"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Zak","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1F6QTD7GQRNT2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Great!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"FuriousFalcon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/APM9CZKZL68B2","Helpful Votes":"3.0/6.0","Review":"Love this game. The graphics are amazing (at least compared to previous Mario Karts), the tracks are fun and interesting, and the \"hover\" sections of the tracks add additional variety and strategy to the game. Well worth a purchase, especially considering Nintendo's get a game free deal."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"C. Gardner","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1DSCS796N12NF","Helpful Votes":"3.0/6.0","Review":"I have all 3 systems (PS4, Xbox One, Wii U) and the Wii U def gets the most use with having friends and family over. I also love playing all of the retro games. I have been unlocking things in Mario Kart 8 since this morning and love every second of it. Graphics are beautiful and everything is so fast and fun. Can't wait to play this with friends tonight!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Barth Black","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2FO5IE8Z9C07J","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Visually excellent. Still has the great racing fun, but some good features and options from the previous version have been omitted that we really miss and that would have kept it more engaging long haul."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Heavenly Smiles","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A18D1VK93V970Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"great"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Sally Payne","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1KRCQ9FXXZEY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"great"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Ken Adams","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AQNMPFU4UVGNK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Not sure what we expected but it was more :). Pretty much the same as Mario Kart Wii. New tracks and few twists. Otherwise it's same thing. Still kids enjoyed it for few weeks."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"laith taha","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2FMEXIVBIPHY4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"good"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Isaias Elorza","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15MN7ZC1I45F5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"nice"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Pablo Terreros","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1EJT7L78VGXQD","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"nice"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Larry Forrester","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3HFQ2JN9RRYD2","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Very nice quality. Works as expected and I would recommend to a friend. I would buy again. Grandkids love it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"TOMAS SALAZAR","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2K7ABOFO2BJRI","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"The game is excelente but the battle mode not so much. everything else is 100% Mario kart. Worth every penny..."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Abdullah","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2SHU5A6V4AZX4","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"Wow"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Mostafa","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LMYPP4DR1U44","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":"Love it"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Diana Bauelos","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1H8LL97EIMM0W","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":":)"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Trav","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2XM526WEGF4XT","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":"I love the Wii version and I feel like all the tracks are pretty much the same in the Wii U game. The new features are cool, but I was hoping for brand new tracks. There are a few, but the Moo Moo and a few others feel exactly the same except better graphics. I was hoping for something completely different and exciting with Mario Kart 8. I still enjoy it but was hoping for more."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jewkester","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1D0Z2VG0S5AE8","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":"Really no complaints with this game! native 720p upscaled to 1080p, 59 (basically 60) frames per second, and super HD visuals that really took my breath away. The racing is what is expected, with the added feature of the anti-gravity. The gravity feature is a lot of fun and messes with your mind as you try to figure out which way is up!! I'd recommend this game to any gamer, young/old, hardcore/casual. Nintendo, you've done it again."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"James Seidler","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2BQF77COMEYF2","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":"No other words are needed, but there is a minimum limit to what I type. Worth buying a Wii U just for this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Jordan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RH2RV6F1TRIU","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":"The game had a lot of hype and I didn't think it would reach it, but it did. All I can say is that this is easily one of the top five best games on the Wii U and a must have for any Wii U owner. To put it simply, it's PERFECT!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"rjsilva","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A112AJMS3OWJYA","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is extremely well done and absolutely deserves 5 stars. There is no question that Nintendo is a premier game developer. My only wish for this game is that they improve the texture filtering and aliasing in a future update. To me the textures look \"grainy\" sometimes and there are jagged edges. They pushed the Wii U to the limits with Mario Kart 8 but hopefully they'll find a way to squeeze out a bit more power in a future update. TIP: Many of the reviewers here who left 1-star reviews clearly have never played the game. Some of the things they said are lies and/or deliberately misleading."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"DvB","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2UNH3E5GQE2ND","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":"Mario Kart arrived in the mail yesterday afternoon and I got to sit down a play for a couple hours last night. This game is good. Really fun. Beautiful graphics and brilliant course design, both aesthetically and in terms of basic track layouts as well as those with hidden alternate routes and shortcuts. The character design, animations and voicing are top-notch. The kart customizations allow you to pick a character who's personality you like and modify the kart (to some extent) to adjust the racing style. I also kind of like the new battle mode. You can camp off track on various parts of the course which makes for more hiding spots and fun hunting of opponents. It would be nice if there were some traditional arenas as well, however. But that doesn't make the game unplayable by any means. The online features work great and I am very interested in the online tournaments feature, which I have not tried quite yet. I can't recommend this game too highly. It's great!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Shasta","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A0304462H1EHEA8XHFUB","Helpful Votes":"1.0/3.0","Review":"both my kids have autism. They live this game even though we got it today. The graphics are amazing! So much better then the other mario kart! Definitely recommend! !!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Tamir Nadav \"The Aquatic Jew\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3EMJPCKRVN6AK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"You can never have too much fun with a Mario Kart game. Especially when drinking is involved!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Rogerdon","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2XP3E0EWWRMEY","Helpful Votes":"5.0/10.0","Review":"I shouldn't be surprised by Nintendo letting me down, it's happened with so many of their games in the last 8 years. I was just certain that this game would just improve off of the best Wii game available and create the best Wii U game available. Unfortunately it looks like Nintendo couldn't help but ruin a nearly perfect game. I'll just focus on the bad, read the 5 star reviews to find the good. The courses are horribly built, twisting and turning without an easy reference to the edges and boundaries. Rainbow Road was a tough, twisting, turning course on Kart Wii but it was so easy to tell where you needed to be on the track. With Kart 8 the edges are so poorly defined it's a struggle to know where to go especially when playing with four players. The gliding is a terrible floating, pitching back and forth experience that only takes away from the race, it doesn't add anything. Why, why did they feel it necessary to float during a kart race? Why Nintendo? Why? The powerups feel less intuitive, less strategic, more simplistic and childlike... yes, childlike. I think that is it, I will end this review on that, Mario Kart Wii was a game for all ages. Mario Kart 8 is a childish game that is just another in a line of games ruined by Nintendo. I play PC, Xbox 360, PS3, and Wii U games. I have nearly always been disappointed by the software for the Wii and Wii U. Now the greatness of Mario Kart is just a distant memory."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel Williams","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2QXRZ9HAEXSAB","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":":)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Daniel C.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1XX2BDFEGBW7Q","Helpful Votes":"0.0/0.0","Review":"?"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"terrwein","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1DRLJV8VEH5YJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Super Mario is the best for kids. They love the challenge of the game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Miguel E Coba Martinez","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3OY241OOBLLKJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Same as the wii version but on HD. In spite of that, very funny"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Z","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2DIVV80PM4DOS","Helpful Votes":"7.0/13.0","Review":"This has to be the best Mario Kart ever made. Can't wait to see what's in store for Nintendo at E3."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Deimos \".\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A20DZX38KRBIT8","Helpful Votes":"2.0/5.0","Review":"Nintendo did an amazing job here, the graphics are outstanding, the content is great, the control is perfect for Mario Kart, the soundtrack is good and the experience is unique in the fact that you can only get this experience on Wii U. The controls as I mentioned are great but the gameplay is another matter. The AI is so annoying that it's damn near impossible to win a race unless you pick a babay and a certain car and the computer controlled played pelt you with feces right at the finish line during the final lap making things damn right annoying. The levles/drivers are mostly what we have seen in pervious Mariokart games with improved graphics, with the addition of the koopa kids as racers, so over all 3 stars."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"yodenny","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AMU4TAJ5PP6XW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"fun game and nice maps better than the old wii mario kart"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"CHERYL BURDETTE","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AMYDLEYGIRZ9H","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"My 10 year old son says, \"It's an AWESOME game!\""}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Redragonx","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A35WCJ5Y4Q0EWY","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Great game and the kids love it!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Brandon \"BPR\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A23OYFPIL24JZ1","Helpful Votes":"10.0/19.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 might just have the best graphics of any Nintendo game ever made! This game charms you the second you start playing it. This game is loaded with characters, and parts for you to customize your vehicle of choice. The tracks are all so highly detailed and creative that you can really tell Nintendo spent a lot of time working on this game. Most of the tracks in this game are very clever and fun! Online mode is fun, but plays it a little too safe. One big thing they did right with Mario Kart 8 is having a bunch of control options for you to play with. If you want to use the gamepad you can, if you want the Wii Wheel you can, if you want the Pro Controller you can, and the list goes on. That all sounded good right? Well sadly after that is where things start to get ugly! I'm a life long Nintendo fan and Mario Kart is one of my favorite series of all time! In 2014 we should NOT expect to lose little features that we have grown used to in the past. I will now make a list of things that this game is missing that there is no excuse for them not having in. - No Stars beside your players name online (why go through the trouble of getting the 3 stars on every cup if you can't show them off online like you could in the Wii and Mario Kart 7) - No Stats or Records (again these were simple to obtain in the Wii and 3DS version of Mario Kart, and there is no excuse why we don't have this in the Wii U) - Lazy Unlock system! (The Wii challenged you to do a ton of different things to unlock all of the different vehicles and characters, this game is just LAZY!) - Battle Mode! I refuse to call the balloon mode they have in Mario Kart 8 \"Battle Mode\" Again Nintendo got lazy and did not give us a proper or even decent Battle Mode, heck they did not even try! - Friend Ghost Data can't be viewed! Why? This added hours of play to the Wii version, my friends and I used to send each other ghosts to try and beat each other's times on time trial, but Nintendo got lazy again and took that feature out! The list of things I mentioned above are all signs f Nintendo being lazy! They worked very hard on getting this game to look and play great, but that wears off very fast! Once you get the game you find out it is missing so many little details that it falls apart very quick! I HOPE that us Nintendo fans can get the message sent to Nintendo that we would like to see those features in this game, and I hope that they will release a patch or an update to add those features in Mario Kart 8. It could be done since all of those things I listed are pretty small, but small things add up! Bottom Line: If you own a Wii U this is a game you will want to have, even with all of the issues with it, the game still offers some of that Mario Kart magic you can't help but love! The sad thing is that you will find out quickly that with all of the little things this game left out, it is a pretty bare bones Mario Kart which we should not have to worry about having in 2014. If you ask me this game alone is NOT worth buying a Wii U for. Again I hope Nintendo adds a lot of the things I mentioned above with a patch/update for the game, if they do that than this game would score much higher with me."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Ives T Block","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A35IR2LXU3I2WA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"I received this DVD game and it was defective. Looked new, with correct package but disk would not start. I had to contact Nintendo for a warranty replacement. I received the replaced under warranty but this took several weeks. Game now works, but the delay was a problem due to it was an much wanted birthday present for my nine year old son. Nintendo sent only the disk not in original package that I sent them. I guess this could happen with any vendor including retail. I asked target what they do and they said you have to go to Nintendo directly with them also. So it just one of those things."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"TJ in SoCal","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1F0HOWBW4E960","Helpful Votes":"7.0/14.0","Review":"I won't get into too many of the pros & cons covered by other reviewers, just the ones that stick out for me. My Mario Kart experience is pretty casual at best previous to the Wii. I mostly loved the Wii version, using the Wii remote and nunchuck, spending way too much time getting 3-star rated on everything and unlocking everything. - Getting 3-star ratings here is easy; too easy. - No mini-track to get an idea of how close other drivers are. A nice enhancement would be an option to have something like a rear-view mirror. - In MK Wii, a banana peel would stay on the track until it was hit, now they disappear after a time. This reduces their offensive value. - You're barely penalized time-wise for falling off the track. - Not a big fan of the coin collecting. * I'm indifferent on the Battle Mode since I hardly played it. My basic impression is that not having an arena setting at least as a choice is a pretty big oversight, likely a way for Nintendo to put out a product faster. (Even then, it took forever to release this game relative to the platform release.) + It is visually impressive. * I may revisit this review depending on online play. After conquering MK Wii and getting all 3-star ratings, I went online to play other humans and promptly got stomped. I found that I got even better by playing online and learning even more tactics. However. The cheaters soured that. Avoiding races with people who hacked their system became a chore. If MK 8 ends up with this problem, I will definitely drop my rating. Playing against other people ends up being the biggest challenge this game can offer, and if it isn't a level playing field, then this game is nothing but a pretty MK Wii add-on."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Joe Nobody","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AAENPWN8ORAUK","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"Great Karting game. Takes the same Mario Kart model in previous games, adds a very nice shiny coat of paint to it, adds a few cool enhancements, and gives you the next generation Mario Kart experience. Some changes they made are for the worse, configurations have been all but removed, races now wait for 12th place to finish, and music is not to my liking. But overall, it is probably the best game this year."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Ann DeStefano","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2HHYRL2PRZZ4K","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"Honestly? It's basically a carbon copy of Mario Kart 7, just on a console instead of a handheld. What's new about this, exactly? You create your own cart by combining the frame, wheels, and a type of glider. You collect coins to unlock upgrades and characters. There are underwater and flying portions. That was all available on the 3DS. The new characters are nice--3 additional female drivers!--but overall I'm completely underwhelmed. I still like it and will play it, but I expected more from this game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"md \"md\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3F5I3P6PEWUBN","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"Finally a new mario kart! Too bad it's basically old mario kart with some new graphics. It seems like they could have really made this a break-through, franchise changing game but instead chose to stick with the same old formula and in some cases even the same old tracks. The hover-car concept is neat, but somehow you never really get the \"feeling\" of being upside down or doing loops or anything. The special items are mostly the same, with a few new additions but nothing really exciting. I would have loved to have seen a bunch (and I mean a BUNCH) of new tracks, but there's still only a relatively limited number of tracks. A track builder would have been awesome too, but nope, nothing of the sort. Play is the same as always, grand prix, VS., battle and on-line. Bottom line, it's fun but only insofar as it's a new Mario Kart and if you enjoy Mario Kart it's Mario Kart, and new. But it's nothing special and only serves as an extension of Mario Kart Wii rather than a breakthrough improvement on the basic idea."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"QuickSilverX7","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3KU4A45PLG49M","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"This is probably the best Mario Kart ever. If that sounds good to you, just buy the game. The game is a blast with friends in person. It's also fun to play online too. The graphics are incredible. It's the best looking next-gen game so far."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Tiffi M.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2467HYDXLGIUM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"If you've been playing MarioKart, you'll like this. If you've never played MarioKart...why not? This is wholesome fun for the whole family. The online has been upgraded from 7, and even if it's a little lenient on the scoring I won't complain. The graphics are lovely and the reimagined tracks really work well."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"jessica l. haber","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1DYC0RHI9A4SE","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"this game is so worth it.If I were you I would get it . you start with a couple characters but you can unlock more"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"OhNoMyTurn","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A26W7B1A24LBJM","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"If you weren't sure about getting a Wii U - NOW IS THE TIME TO DO IT! Mario Kart 8 is one of those games that makes your eyes tear up and mouth water all at the same time. It's a grand homage to past Mario Kart games with masterful improvements. First let's start with the music - it's all orchestrated and sounds like the voices of angels. Next, the courses - a great selection of previous Mario Kart courses with many, many more new courses. Thirdly, characters - a wide variety to choose from (the largest roster in Mario Kart history). Nintendo took what Mario Kart 7 (3DS) did right and added a lot more content! This game is a must have. What are you waiting for? GO GET IT NOW!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"J. Bad","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A7YUO2UHYNUMQ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"Don't know where to start first. Every time I've play the game, I get amaze by how beautiful the graphics are, impressive!!!! I think right now these games has the best graphics out of all Wii U games. They improve the elements from all Mario Kart's games, specially Mario Kart 7 (one of my favorite) and make it better. No glitch experience so far. The frame rate is perfect. Tracks are impressive. Let me putt it these way: Pros: Graphics Framerate Gameplay Online play The Mario Kart channel Tracks are beautiful My favorite - The slow motion highlights!!! Cons: Nothing so far but will post if I find something!! Last thing, I really recommend this to any Wii U owner and for those who where waiting for a good game to get one!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Angela Fransson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AZB3E337UN52A","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"just awesome that says it all with the only exception being the one and only battle mode which isn't that fun"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Sonrio224","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AVJ11DYJHE4PD","Helpful Votes":"11.0/21.0","Review":"As I read most of this reviews I can see that Nintendo has decided graphics over gameplay is better. The new Mario kart is a major disappoint in terms of gameplay as it think it succeeds in graphics, game mechanics, and creative ness. Now I love me some Mario Kart. I\u2019m not trying to be one of those hates or lovers that had one bad/good experience with the game and post a review in 10 words or less. No I\u2019m am strictly going off my experiences with the game and let me say this, Mario Kat 8 is an Beautiful game with smart choices coming from Nintendo. They really put some thought in this installment of the MK franchise and also bringing the custom kart parts from Mario kart 7 can add some repayable action for those who want a kart to fit there style. The inclusion of anti-gravity really shows the \u201cwacky\u201d creativity they have with the game coming up with new ways to play and be the best racer you can be. And the music.. THE MUSIC! The sound track in this game is amazing! No longer digital, it\u2019s all legit baby! Sadly, with MK8, I feel like it has been rushed. The lack of modes, the dumbest battle mode ever (not saying it\u2019s not fun though), and characters (with 3 weight types) and custom kart parts are all feeling the same with some different looks, not being able to hold 2 items at a time, and lacks that \u201cfun\u201d factor. Whenever I see a new Mario kart I like to compare it with older games in the franchise like MK:Wii or MK:DD and while I don\u2019t think Nintendo won\u2019t go back to the 2 man karts with their user specific items, they could have used the 2 man kart idea for a fun battle mode with its own arenas. So since MK:DD is not a compare able choice in my mind I will compare it with the last title Mario Kart Wii \u2026 and damn that\u2019s hard to do. When I look at reviews at for Mario Kart Wii I see how much it gets put down for its unbalances items or the shear randomness from other AI/Players. Or how the online mode is filled with hackers that can ruin the race altogether. While I do agree that the online mode is now crap, I really do get a kick out of the single/local games. Yea you can say you\u2019re a lucky man if you were in first and didn\u2019t get smashed with a blue shell then 3 red shells and a POW. To be honest, the randomness was the best part of the game. Not only did you have to stay in first but you had to use your driving skills and the ability to use any item you had to get back in first if you got bombarded by blue shells. Even when the AI would frustrate the hell out of you when they use a blue shell and you have been clean the whole game or when your family that is much better than you in the game can throw a banana peel across the track and still manage to hit you. Or doing an air-defying, awe-stunning, flip-spinning, sparkle-showing trick in the game to gain extra speed! It took skill to stay AND come back in first. Where in Mario Kart 8\u2026 this is not the case. Will start with the simple stuff then I\u2019ll go into what I deem the most annoying thing in the whole game. -The load times I know this is small and minor because every MK game has a load time to the next track but it\u2019s just so much glaring in MK8 with its high quality of graphics. I mean there EVERYWHERE! Even on the menu! It should not take 5 seconds to switch from Mario to Yoshi! -The items In past Mario Karts (all of them except this one) you were able to hold up to two items, one in inventory and one on your back. This was remove to make it more of a challenge on to protect yourself. On paper this is a smart change as I do think it makes it more balanced between every one. However Mario Kart vets will find this annoying especially during 1st through 6th you will mostly get coins and that can be annoying. -The AI Someone in at Nintendo must have thought that the AI was to random or just plain dumb to pose a threat. On that we can somewhat agree. I can\u2019t tell you how easy it is to get passed some of the AI in MK:Wii. Tis one of the reasons why I have them on hard at all times when playing V.S. Thought in MK8, the AI seems to cheat quite a lot as you can really tell the difference in challenge when you play against the AI and then online. The AI has faultless accuracy for items like green shells and the boomerang, and seems to get the perfect item to ruin your race at just the right time, they pick up speed when you get hit and are a chore to catch up to with the new game mechanics, and are always, ALWAYS, behind you. Playing a Mario Kart game I try my hardest to gain a major lead over my opponent or the AI. Here in MK8, on any difficulty other than easy, they are always one your butt ready to take that gold from under your nose. -The Karts/Bikes In Mario Kart Wii, we were introduced to the new bikes and let me tell ya\u2026 inside drifting is soooo much better than the bikes as it would only be dumb for you not to choose a kart with automatic drifting so you can at least \u201cattempt\u201d inside drifting. In Mario Kart 7 they got rid of the bikes altogether and show us kart customization. Getting rid of the bikes was admitly a smart choice with the whole inside drifting and wheelie. However they brought it back and got rid of the wheelies and made them feel more like karts. This a good change but this comes into a problem with speed and\u2026 coins. I think the return of coins is a great idea, but they are so important that driving skill is less important than whether you have 10 coins or not. The problem is that when you get hit or fall off, you lose three coins. This means that people in the middle of the pack are less likely to ever catch up with first place because they are constantly battling it out between each other and slowing each other down. In my experience, most races have one person far out in front and an explosive pack of people in 3rd - 10th. It can be anyone\u2019s game at that point. This is one of the main reasons playing with the AI is such a chore to do. If you get hit by anything on the first lap, you are not catching up\u2026 which brings me to the last topic. The main thing I hate about this game. -No sense of speed This is the one I think people will disagree with me but with the coins coming back you would think to collect 10 coins and your speed will in increase, right? WRONG! Coins should not even play a role in this game as where if you have a good start on the very first lap you are 75% are going to stay in first. Not because the AI can\u2019t catch you, not because there\u2019s not enough blue shells, it\u2019s because everyone moves at the exact same speed weather or not you have 10 coins. 50cc feels like 150cc and the AI still able to have and HUGE lead after one green shell to the face. I can\u2019t tell you how many times I play online and people swerving left in right and going faster than you are. It is the most annoying thing in the game. This also applies to drifting where if you\u2019re not moving fast enough, or your moving too fast somehow, your kart will hop an extra foot making run into the wall or falling off ledges making some of the basic turns a pain in the ass! This may seem like a lot of criticism and I don\u2019t based this review on what others think, I based it on my time with the game, but overall it still means that MK8 is a great game. Yea I could have talked about the roster and the overload of babies and repeats but that honestly does not bring it down. All the tracks are enjoyable to play (although I don't think any of them are spectacular), the music is great and the racing itself at times is very smooth. The way the blue shell works (back to N64 days) is very welcome. No doubt I will be playing it for many years to come, hopefully with patches."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Judy Watkins","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3G6X5CXXILKLF","Helpful Votes":"0.0/1.0","Review":"Great game"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"nyc2pdx","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3O965VQQWH1XA","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"I enjoyed playing this game. But I was surprised when after I completed all the circuits, the game was over! I went through the whole game in about 2 hours! I mean, it was fun-the antigravity aspect of the game was great...but $50 for 2 hours? I was a little disappointed."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"breanna","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A18EH04VB4LRA5","Helpful Votes":"2.0/6.0","Review":"The perfect reviews are baffling to me. This game is okay, fun enough in 50cc, but get into 100 and 150cc and prepare to be endlessly brutalized with item after item from the computer as every character around you pummels into you. We couldn't believe it was so bad. \"We\" is myself, my husband and his best friend who are video game insane, have had every single console throughout their lives but greatly prefer Nintendo. They typically beat new games within a couple days and even have fun playing everything from Assassins Creed to Mario Kart, they aren't snobby or difficult to please so I trust their opinion. We decided to test our theory that the game was impossibly challenging at times by reporting what happens as we played out loud. \"I was in first place for two and a half laps, slipped on a banana peel and 6 cars passed me.\" (That one is common, you have one thing happen and half a dozen cars pass by, never to regain your position), my personal favorite? I got hit by something (you never know what), then hit by a car, then another, then hit by another item. This is not uncommon in 100cc and 150cc. We have found 50cc the only fun level to play. Battle is awful and boring. Driving feels better, the tracks are more fun and interesting with more secret passages and whatnot, I like that items regenerate quicker, love the antigravity, but damn, it would be great to feel like you have a chance at winning. I'm okay with more challenging, but not impossible. I have issues steering sometimes as well. I'll start turning from the full inside of a corner, even start early, and still drift all the way to the outside wall and hit it. This is inconsistent to me and everyone who plays with us finds themselves yelling \"turn!!!\" Some of the new items are fun but don't last long. The invincibility star doesn't last very long, the boomerang is boring, the plant is cool and crazy 8 and fire balls are awesome. All in all, we were underwhelmed but our disappointment came from them coming SO CLOSE. It's like waiting on an awesome meal, smelling it being cooked and it smells amazing, then cutting into it realizing the main course is undercooked. You can still eat the okay side dish but damn, it could have been perfect."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Jose Nimo","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1R9TB4EL89GVH","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"When testing the game fails and does not work (Error 510-1031) I want to know if the change for the same item is possible. I await your prompt response thank you very much for your attention."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Israel Solero","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1JLKYPHRSBP1J","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"Found it most interesting, but it would\u2019ve been more fun if the main driver was able to get out of their cars & set up personal pit-falls and Road blocks like in the road Runner cartoons\u2026"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Remeaux","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2I0Y24OKVI5VO","Helpful Votes":"4.0/9.0","Review":"I bought a Wii U a few weeks ago solely in anticipation for this game. I think I'm regretting that purchase. While this game is fun, it's just not as great as I was hoping. There are some new aspects that are good, but all the things that are taken away from previous Mario Kart games just don't make sense. It's like Nintendo decided for any one thing they decided to add, they had to take away something else. It's also annoying the things that you have to use the Gamepad to access, as I highly prefer the Pro controller over the Gamepad. Why isn't there at least an option to display the course map on screen? There are some great aspects to this game, and again, it is still fun, but the cons outweigh the pros on this one."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Chris Rios","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3DW28SXI2BZA0","Helpful Votes":"1.0/4.0","Review":"I expected... more? The roster disappointed me the most, the number of tracks along with their variety also disappointed me, gameplay is more or less the entirely the drift dependent mess that we've been stuck with since the Gamecube and it offers no other mechanics for those who want to enjoy the gameplay as a racing title over an arcade racer. Seriously, if you want to win, you'll have to drive diagonally on all straight roads because THAT'S FUN RIGHT?"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"F. Wong","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3O1EFKA6UXFHR","Helpful Votes":"9.0/18.0","Review":"The graphics are beautiful, animation is wonderful, music/sound is great as always, and the tracks we've seen so far are all creative and fun-to-drive. Why 3 stars? Nintendo sucked all the fun out of Battle Mode - it feels like racing alone with no goal most of the time....every so often, you see another car zoom-by in the opposite direction. Sound boring? It is. Thats battle mode. Did they even play this before releasing it? My family LOVES battle mode from the Wii, and in this regard, MK8 is a giant step backwards. The track doesn't seem to be built for battle-mode...its just a regular track."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Jerry Brinson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AXQZFEWRTINKX","Helpful Votes":"6.0/13.0","Review":"Good Game unless you've played the Wii version of Mario kart. Whats good - the HD. The gliders. Whats bad - in two player online mode the screen is split horizontally making seeing around turns nearly impossible. They got it right in the Wii version which was split screen top and bottom but blew it in MK8 big time. The Birds eye view of the track and opponent positions is on the WiiU Controller screen. Getting cross-eyed trying to see both screens while racing. Really come on....................... Really hoped for more....what a letdown.....as it had a lot of potential."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Tyler Haugen","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3FWGEX4JZQWNR","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"Not very many changes from the previous title in the series."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"W. Watson","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1JEHPPJ4475HP","Helpful Votes":"0.0/3.0","Review":"I like the game, don't get me wrong. It's beautiful and racing is like falling off a bicycle --they keep it simple and it works. My family enjoys playing this game almost every weekend. Now with that being said, let me tell you why I didn't give it a 5 star review. It's nowhere near as fun to play as the original Mario Kart, First off all, they took out the cloud and the Giant mushroom and those two power-ups provided some major fun in the original Mario Kart. Instead of that, you get these useless coin system which makes absolutely no sense. Yeah, you collect coins to unlock vehicle upgrades, but since everyone gets the upgrades, what's the point of having them as a part of the race. It would be different if the coins unlocked upgrades for YOU. that give me some incentive to collect them, but it doesn't add anything to the game. Furthermore, you can't customize the things that matter like engines, or suspensions to customize your favorite ride. You can't even change the color! If they're not going to give you real customization, then they should just leave it out. Secondly, the music overpowers everything in the race. You can't hear the sound effects overtop of the music and there's no way to customize it. Part of what made the original Mario Kart so fun was that you could hear the effects when someone unleashed something. It builds a sense of anticipation and desperation when you can hear it coming. That's not there anymore.Don't get me wrong, I love the music, but I'd rather be able to hear my kart and the sound of the blue shell when it gets unleashed. Also --and this kinda bugged me --the tracks race too fast. It used to be that you had enough time to be able to plan a strategy, or if you had a catostrophic wipeout, you would be able to gain some ground before the race is over. But the tracks go too fast, so basically if you get knocked off track, you're coming in seventh --unless you happen to get bullet bob. Lastly, I have to say that they've taken out the funnest part of Mario Kart --the comic effects aren't there. In the original, when you fell off a cliff, they showed you fall off screen. When you went into the lava, they had you kerploosh into the lava, when you fell off the track at Rainbow Road, they showed your car burn up in the atmosphere upon reentry --that was hilarious! But now, you have that stupid little character save you from all that. No splashes, no kerplooshes, no meteoric falls --boring!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Kazzy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2MLGUNOV20ADC","Helpful Votes":"0.0/3.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is an incomplete and frustrating game. Yes, the graphics are beautiful and so is the map design. Some fatal flaws really kill this game for me. I'll go ahead and list them off. Let me just say that I've only owned the original Mario Kart for SNES and the one for N64. The Wii U is also my first Nintendo system since the Gamecube. 1) BATTLE MODE IS ABSOLUTELY RUINED - Now this flaw seems to affect some people more than others...but there are no arenas. Nintendo thought it was a great idea to place you on one of a dozen racing maps. There is no mini-map whatsoever, so you spent the allotted time driving around trying to find your friends. Battle Mode is so stripped down and useless that it is nauseating. All fans can hope for is that future DLC will add a decent Battle Mode. 2) LACK OF OPTIONS: a. AUDIO - First of all, there is no option to adjust any of the game volume or music volume. I had to check what year we're in when I discovered this. If you want to blast your own music and hear in-game sound effects, you are out of luck unless you want the game music too. While I understand that this isn't the norm for Nintendo these days, I think it's unacceptable. Mario Kart should be the perfect game to play with your own music. Why aren't there audio options? It seems simple enough. As a PC gamer, I was bewildered. b. ITEMS - Remember when you could adjust every single item in Super Smash Bros Melee? Mario Kart 8 only gives you handful of options such as no items, shells only,bananas only, bob-ombs only, mushrooms only....where is the customization? I don't understand why Nintendo is against giving players a game of value...and I do not understand how people eat this up. c. CONTROLS - Don't like the default layout for the controls? You are out of luck. There is absolutely no option to change any of them. 3. YOU CAN NO LONGER STACK ITEMS (Picking up another item while trailing another one) - At some point, this changed in the Mario Kart franchise...maybe it's with this game. But you cannot trail an item and pick up another one. If you want to protect your ass from those ridiculous red shells, you'll practically have to trail something behind you the entire game. In this case, you won't be able to pick up any items. What's the fun in that? The result is getting knocked out by more items than previous games since no one wants to hang on to a banana for 3 laps. Hanging on to items was balanced enough and made the game less frustrating. Red shells FLY in this game. It doesn't seem that Nintendo enjoys adding things to game that require skill. It is disappointing. To wrap this up, I just have to say that I really wanted to enjoy this game, and I did for a very short amount of time. The amount of hype surrounding it is crazy. The maps are beautiful, the racing is fun, and it is still a great game to play with friends. This would be worth buying just for the multiplayer if the battle mode wasn't so bad."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Vinny","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3IO6Z9Z0W7TBI","Helpful Votes":"2.0/6.0","Review":"The game has new controls and the graphics have been vastly upgraded. Add in all of the new online features and in game content and you are blessed to have an amazing racing experience. Buy the Wii U bundle today."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Amazon Customer","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2E9PHIEO8LOW","Helpful Votes":"2.0/6.0","Review":"This is the eighth installment in the Mario Kart series and Nintendo has done it again. With new items, new courses, new racers, and new mechanics like anti-gravity there is a lot of fun to be had. Online is silky smooth (though I would have loved full voice chat!) and the graphics are the best you will see on most any system right now. Go enjoy yourself some Mario Kart!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"GamePlayingDad","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ONSWDQBY6BJT","Helpful Votes":"12.0/24.0","Review":"The other reviews here have really covered the pros very well. With all of those things going for it, how can it not rise above a 3 star game? Battle Mode, Resolution, Blue Shell / Horn. This IS a fun game, and the races are beautifully done with many customizations. Since we usually purchase games compatible from age 5 to 13 (along with adults), easy-to-pickup multiplayer games are at the top of the list. This fits the bill and really is a wonderful family racer. The problem is that Battle Mode is broken. Fundamentally flawed in such a way that we have played one two player event and managed not to see each other even ONCE in the time allotted. How is a race trace the right course for battle mode? I will never understand the decision not to include arenas. This was THE fundamental highlight of the game that we played for numerous hours, well beyond the racing, for the N64 version and the DS version. I really hope some DLC comes along to help this out, because without it I doubt we'll run Battle Mode again. Resolution: At 720p, with 4 player split screen, this has an impact. For a brand new $60 game, on the latest HD Nintendo console, this is really lame. 1080 is not too much to expect when your competition is PS4/One and a slew of new 1080p games on Wii U. Blue Shell: It's still there, does nothing to help the last player advance and hope to come from behind, and the defensive Horn is just too rare. In short, the defensive capabilities of your items are much weaker. Especially with no drag behind (which really added to strategy and combos in previous versions). Is it fun? Yes. Is it worth $60? Maybe. Is it the best that a Wii U latest-greatest Mario Kart game could be? Not by a long shot. UPDATE: The issue of 720p vs 1080p is not a comment on platform comparison, and who's best. This is an observation that on ALL platforms (including the Wii U, which is capable of 1080p/60fps), the new flagship games are targeting 1080p whenever possible. It's considered slack to release Call of Duty at 720p on the PS4, just as I consider it slack for Nintendo to target a flagship product, on a 1080p console, at 720p."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Kobeskillz \"Kobeskillz\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1MN87SEPCXY5H","Helpful Votes":"3.0/8.0","Review":"This game is insanly fun. It's Mario Kart. You guys know what to expect except here is super polished and really the best one yet. I also added this review to counter the idiots who obviously trolled and gave one star reviews. How does amazon even allow that?"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"John B. Gravlee","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A10M4905CE7GFT","Helpful Votes":"0.0/2.0","Review":"My kids favorite game."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Lauren Elizabeth Hensley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1LG3WYVA9PRH0","Helpful Votes":"1.0/5.0","Review":"Me and my daughter are a HUGE fan of Mario Kart. We have played them for years on the Nintendo. We are not happy with this version. We are not happy how they make you spend money INSIDE the game to unlock characters, and more cars and maps. Pros: Better graphics, better cars, better maps, the character voices are adorable. Cons: In game purchasing for cars, maps, and characters.. Unlike the old Mario Kart you had to earn them. Doesn't keep me or my daughters interest and we are Mario Kart die hard freaks. Mother and daughter night order pizza, Mario night.. The karts are much more sensitive than in the older Mario Kart on Nintendo Wii. The hang gliding aspect of the game is horrible (Personal opinion.) The game is more cartoon'ish. More childish. Not able to create a lisense we don't like. We have since gone back to Mario Kart for the Wii. The last version. I was shocked to see a company like Nintendo starting 'in-app' purchasing. Once you buy the cars and maps and then play it. Well there goes the game. No longer holds attention because you own it all now. They care called the Mario Kart DLC packs. Google it. :/ I expected so much better from Nintendo. I grew up with it. Now my child plays it."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Michelle from Ohio \"Michelle\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2H65VPSZO4P3M","Helpful Votes":"1.0/5.0","Review":"this is a great game, just like the mario kart games before it. the courses are new and tons of fun, graphics are great, and there's lots of things to unlock. I also like the few new items they added to the game, such as the noise horn, and chomping plant. I want to mention the obvious changes with this game though, most I don't like. The main complaint I have with this version, is that it isn't as \"close\" of a race. In the other games, if you were behind, you would get items to get to the front, or your kart would move a bit faster to make it a close race. It doesn't seem to be with Mario Kart 8. If you have the lead, it seems to stay that way. If your kart isn't as fast, you just can't catch up. period. It makes it not as exciting. I am also not a huge fan of the \"anti gravity\" in the courses. It gets very confusing, and I just feel it's unnecessary for the gameplay. Most of the courses make you feel that you are driving sideways on a wall much of the time, and I don't really get this for added appeal. Just my opinion. But a great addition to my Wii U library."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Ted","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2XICOR2E3OB0","Helpful Votes":"1.0/5.0","Review":"First off, I'd like to start by saying that the last mario kart i played was the n64 version. with that being said, this game has fewer features, and is much less challenging. i bought this game during the promotional period for the second free game (i chose pikmin 3). I played it for a few hours one night with a friend and i was severely disappointed: 1.) The battle mode is awful. The battle mode puts you on a racetrack, which doesnt make much sense. the pyramid fort map for the n64 was the right idea. 2.) there are almost no new items. when you are in about 1st through 6th place, you pretty much only get coins or a single banana. 3.) cant queue up a second item. this was a good feature that is now gone. 4.) too many classic mario characters are missing... and they could have also brought back some others like banjo and conker and diddy overall, this game is a dumbed down, less interesting, less challenging, less fun mario kart. then again, my only frame of reference is from the n64 version."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"James Ernst","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AUZABNX3OJ4OW","Helpful Votes":"0.0/3.0","Review":"Mario Kart 8 is just as action packed and thrilling as video clips and still images make it out to be, but at the same time, I can't help but notice its flaws. Mario Kart 8, hands down features the most basic and non-varied character roster to date. Of 30 characters available in the game, five of them are baby counterparts of other characters in the game and 7 of them (yes I'm talking about the Koopalings) are basically the same character, although they are very awesome to play as. You've got metal versions of Mario and Peach, the likes of which are pointless and Toadette who is the female version of Toad. A total of 15 characters in this game were needlessly added whilst other characters who are unique such as Bowser Jr., Birdo, Dry Bones, King Boo and Diddy Kong were left out of it. You may be asking, is this any reason to not buy this game? Heck no, but just be aware of this. This game offers more control options than you can shake a stick at as well. You can use the Gamepad as a controller, or as a steering wheel, the Wii remote is back except now you can even use it without motion controls, the Pro Controller is compatible as is the Classic Controller. Six different control options is more than I could have ever expected from this game which is a wonderful option for anyone who likes to choose how they play. There are 32 courses in Mario Kart 8 as per usual. 16 old courses and 16 new. Stick to the new courses in Mario Kart 8 as the retro courses are nothing special even with anti-gravity added. The new courses breath new life into the series with winding roads, beautiful courses and memorable tracks, each unique and identifiable. Mario Kart 8 may not be the best game in the series but it is so rock solid it makes you want to play it all the time. If DLC was added with more tracks and characters, it could just be the best Mario Kart ever!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Cptpslacy","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3WH92TZKDVH5","Helpful Votes":"0.0/4.0","Review":"ALL FLASH WITHOUT SUBSTANCE: cute, fast, great graphics of course, but if you are a parent considering this game for your kids, it...well...sucks for learning or as a teaching tool. It indues poor sportsmanship, relies very little on skill, and 90% of winning or gaining requires the racer's ability to collect stuff in a transparent box and throw it the other opponents-computer generated or otherwise. Put simply, a human player can go from 1st to 9th to 12th in three hits regardless of his or her ability to race effectively and having spent quality time selecting his or her appropriate race gear for the terrain. Avoiding all manufacturer origin and hence ethic presumption, don't get it if your hoping not to spend another 30 hours plus before your youngster goes back to school lecturing on the proper motives and application of skill and ability as opposed to lame, cowardice tactics just to win a match. Shame on mario8 cause the kids sure love it. But it teaches them nothing."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"lunchtable","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1G7L6BY2GFN91","Helpful Votes":"9.0/21.0","Review":"After playing this game for several hours today, I can say that it is definitely a good game, but not the very best kart racer the Wii U has to offer. It's been about 15 years since I've heard anyone utter this phrase, but... \"Sega just outdid Nintendo.\" That's right. The best Kart racer on the system is actually not Mario Kart 8, but it is Sega's Sonic and All Stars Racing Transformed. First, what Mario Kart 8 did right: 1. Best graphics of nearly any game on the system. 2. Super smooth framerate. 3. No glitches of any kind or major launch day bugs... as usual, pure Nintendo polish. 4. And the game is fun, and it's really nice to run through some much improved and restyled old tracks from other series. But, this racing game feels slow, and it just isn't all that innovative. Yes, it has underwater and anti-grav sections, but they really don't feel that much different than any other section of the track. And it carries over the glider sections from earlier Mario Kart games, but again, those really don't change the game all that much. It's pretty much the same game we've had for the last 10-15 years which, while good, has suddenly seen itself standing still as Sonic and All Stars Racing Transformed rushes to the pole position. The reason this isn't the best game is that SASRT is vastly more innovative. In that game, you can switch into a boat or plane mid-race, and they do handle dramatically differently and really change up the gameplay (unlike gliders and anti-grav). And many of the levels actually change during the race, so that while you might race in a kart in the first lap, by the second or third lap the track is blown up and you are literally flying a plane instead. And Sonic and All Stars Racing Transformed is fast... it feels like Sonic games on the Genesis did compared to the slower moving Mario games of the era. And it's a really deep racer with easier and more effective kart customization via the mod settings. And did I mention controls? One of the things Nintendo REALLY got wrong on this game was the Gamepad control scheme. In the other racers on the Wii U (Sonic and All Stars Racing Transformed, Need For Speed, etc), the control scheme has switched to the way most racing games do things now: R is accelerate, L is brake/drift, etc. Not only is it easier to drift and control the kart with that scheme, pressing \"R\" with your index finger is vastly more comfortable ergonomically than Nintendo's method of pressing down the \"A\" button with your thumb for the entire game. And unfortunately, Mario Kart 8 gives you no way to switch controls. All in all, Sonic and All Stars Racing Transformed is hands down a better kart racer, by a pretty big margin. It's faster, less repetitive, much more innovative and more skill based (less \"rubber banding\" and item luck, though items still play a key role). If you can afford only one racing game, I'd highly recommend you start with that instead of Mario Kart 8, as it is the better game. But Mario Kart 8 will still provide some fun, so at a lower price point or with the \"free game\" deal Nintendo is currently offering for buying it (see details on club Nintendo), it's not a bad purchase. And for me, it's the better option to play with my very young daughter, as the slower speeds and simpler Mario Kart formula will make things easier for her to figure out. But if you want the best kart racing game that will keep you playing for hours and hours, look to Sonic and All Stars Racing Transformed rather than Mario Kart 8."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Thomas Reifenberg \"8BitRockMan\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2U93J8VKKE1JV","Helpful Votes":"3.0/10.0","Review":"I have played every Mario Kart game since they started on Super Nintendo. This is where I am ending it. To be fair, this game does have some good levels and large selection of characters, but that does not count for this game's major flaws. What Mario Kart 8 did wrong: 1. The minimap is not on the TV where it should be, it is on the gamepad. If you use the gamepad, you need to look down at the map to see where everyone is, by the time you look back up at the TV, you ran into a wall or something. Not to mention, if you are not even using the gamepad, you don't get the minimap at all. This could have been fixed if you play on the gamepad itself, the screen is wide enough to fit the game and the map side by side, but they decided that more people would like to use the horn for your kart instead of actually seeing what you are doing indicated by 2 tiny screens on the right side of the gamepad. 2. The camera is just awful during anti gravity racing. It keeps making me want to play F-Zero where the camera stays behind you the whole way, this one just sucks. 3. This is a disc-based game, they should have put as many shortcuts to certain parts of the game as possible. For example, when you get a really bad start on the 1st or 2nd race, you want to start the grand prix over. On this one, you need to quit, wait for it to load, select your options (loads during every transition and sometimes gets stuck on the character select screen because the disc can't find the character you want to select fast enough), select your options, select your cup, then wait like 30 seconds. In Mario Kart 64, you had shortcuts to everything during gameplay when you pressed start which was sometimes unnecessary because cartridges are instantaneous. Even if you play a download copy of Wii U games, the harddrives still take forever to load. 4. The game's difficulty is not based on skill, they are based on luck. In this game, regardless of how well you play, the game will make sure to destroy you completely at the end just before winning a race. You could be in 1st place, get hit by blue shells, lightning bolts and red shells so 3 or 4 computers can pass you. Mario Kart DS and earlier never had that problem. 5. Finally, there is no snaking, there wasn't any snaking in Mario Kart 7 or Wii either, but this game you need it. 15 players against you exclusively, you need some advantage to make sure you can still win after getting slaughtered at the finish line. I know that Nintendo made power-sliding based on a timer rather than skills in rocking the control pad and strictly being faster with the controller than others, but why compensate for people that can't do that? For the last 6 years or so, Nintendo has been bending over backwards for people who just simply aren't good at the harder games. ***6. Also, reintroducing the coin system was a pain. Get 10 coins to go full speed, that is fine, but you lose coins way too easily and the computers usually take them before you can. ***7. Also, the music is just not fitting for Mario Kart. It is like arcade music sort of. In arcades (that thing that died in the United States and was a room with 100's of cabinets of games and is popular everywhere in Japan), there is a lot of noise all around you that on your particular game except for like DDR or MaiMai or Beatmania, you can't really hear your game's music except for the drums or something. The song composition is just unappealing and doesn't feel like it belongs in this game. Also, I don't understand the freeform jazz or swing music. To be fair, this game is playable, but if you rely on skills you have learned in the first 4 or 5 Mario Kart games to win in this one, you will hate this game. For me, I put this game back in the box and put it with the games that will never be played again. I am not even looking at the Wii U until Smash Brothers comes out. I am sure that if anyone sees the score I gave, my review will not even be read, I will just get flamed because they don't like my opinion, but that is what a review is, an opinion and why I came up with it."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Momofcinco \"momof2boys\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3JP5LWNMVTU3Y","Helpful Votes":"0.0/4.0","Review":"Excellent game. However this morning I sat down to play and saw that all of my progress was gone! It erased all of my data!!!! I did absolutely nothing different than any other time I've played. Just turned the console off yesterday, and turned it back on today. I googled the issue and it appears that random people are just losing all of their data for no reason. This is terribly frustrating and after unlocking everything we have to do these races all over again???? Ugh!!!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"J. Kowalski","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AJETFLAXRDTKJ","Helpful Votes":"0.0/4.0","Review":"If you have kids and would like to relive this fun game, then I would recommend it. The water slide track is a fan favorite."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"sticks","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A389U6JPATO5OO","Helpful Votes":"0.0/5.0","Review":"The artificial intelligence for the computer opponents is extremely unfair. I am a veteran Mario Kart player, and have won contests. For me to be unable to consistently get first place even in 50cc is not only ridiculous, but the way the computer goes about it is totally unfair. The opponents will blow you away right before the finish line and blow past you VERY frequently. This happens at least once every 5 races, making it nearly impossible to get 4 first places in a row. (This all gets worse as you increase the cc.)They will each hit you with a weapon as they get near, or pass you, EVEN IF YOU ARE WAY BACK IN THE PACK. I have been hit by up to ten weapons in a row, and been forced to the very back of the pack on numerous occasions, even on 50cc. They clearly have the difficulty set way too high. THIS GAME IS NOT FUN TO PLAY UNLESS YOU REMOVE THE COMPUTER OPPONENTS. I have absolutely ZERO interest in attempting to get 100% on this crappy game. It would probably take several years to do, and thousands of dollars of counseling, or valium to cope with the unfairness. I AM NOT EXAGGERRATING."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Amateur \"zagman\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2YMIG1I43N60","Helpful Votes":"16.0/38.0","Review":"First off, I am an older player who grew up playing Mario Kart on previous consoles and now play with my kids. With all the hype surrounding the release, I couldn't wait for the game to go on sale. Add in the fact that my favorite aspect was on-line battle in Mario Kart Wii and Nintendo recently shut down the on-line aspect of Mario Kart Wii, I was anxious to try 8 out. I've only played a few races and two on-line battles since I opened 8, so these are just my first impressions. However, my first impressions leave me desiring much more after the previous Mario Kart Wii and I don't really have an interest to keep playing. Positives: The graphics are great, and I don't even have a very good TV, so they are likely spectacular in high def on a big screen. I was impressed when my kart came out of the water and there were some water drops on the TV screen that made it look like I was sitting in a car that just came out of the car wash. Some of the new concepts with the gliding, anti-gravity, hovering and underwater racing are interesting. There are also some new items that are fun. However, these changes/enhancements just don't compensate for the overall game play. Negatives: I'll start with overall gameplay. While it isn't a long time waiting for a race course to load, by the time I've raced a Grand Prix and 4 courses, waiting for each course to load seems like I have waited forever. In off-line mode, I prefer the Grand Prix, so I don't spend much time in the other options. It seems that the Grand Prix is no longer timed, you just are ranked by the place you finish. I preferred to see my time so I could gauge how I was performing in a course. Also, there is no on-screen map like previous versions, so you never know where anyone is on the course in relation to you. For items, you can only carry one item at a time, so if you shoot an item at someone, you can no longer drag an item and have a spare item in reserve for protection. You have to wait until the next item block. Most of the time, the items from the blocks aren't great, they may be a green turtle shell, coins, or maybe a banana. The upside to this is that I've rarely been hit by a blue turtle shell, star, or bullet bill. I don't know how to describe the overall \"play\" feel, but the kart response does not seem to be great and the in-game elements have an oversized unrealistic aspect to them that makes the driving feel weird. On-line Battle mode is just depressing. The only pluses I noticed going from Wii to 8 is that wait time to connect to the on-line mode has been reduced and the lag that could plague on-line play seems to have been reduced or eliminated (that could just be not many people on-line yet). First off, the Coin battle from Mario Kart Wii is not included in 8. So, all the battles are Balloon battles. The Battles take place in race track courses. I haven't played many of the race courses, so I don't know if the battle courses are different from the actual racing courses, but essentially you race around the track trying to hit the other on-line players. Once again, there is no on-screen map. Finding another player is mostly luck. Add to that the fact that most of the item blocks give green turtle shells and in areas of the track there are no sides, and it is very challenging to actually hit another player. After the Battle timer runs out, you are dumped right back into the track selection screen. There is no screen showing the outcome with battle ranking and score updates. When I play a battle, I want to know who won and what the scores were. I am sure my boys and any young kids will love playing the game. But if I was able, I would return the game. I have been through many versions of Mario Kart, starting with 64, and I think this is one of the more disappointing releases. I don't know if Nintendo was trying to target younger children and inexperienced gamers with this release, but I think many players who are more than the casual gamer or have played previous Mario Kart versions will find this version to be disappointing."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Heath","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AG0LPI8LN5U9K","Helpful Votes":"1.0/8.0","Review":"Don't bash the 3 star Rating it is Legit, Yes this is a good Game. Are the Graphics Better? YES Is it cool? Yes Is it the Same as other Mario Kart Games? Yes Enough said, If you have played the older titles of this series you know what to expect With better Graphics and More rides and Online it is a Good Update. A Great reason to buy now before sometime in July when the deal is off Is because you get a free download of a official game, There is a bout 4 to choose from And that is for us In the USA, Best choice is Zelda Wind Waker, if you already own it Try to pick up New super mario bros Wii U, It doesnt have the Luigi expansion and you will prob want it, But it's 20 extra dollars to Download it from the eShop I Won't comment on Pikman 3 but i definately wouldn't get it. It would be BEST To order before the DEAL Is gone. Or else you will at least be paying 50 for it new maybe 40 used if your lucky. I Got a deal and Got it for 48 shipped 1 day. i don't know i must of been looking at the right time. Alright i will close it up by saying This game is also a Great Local Multiplayer for you AND YOUR FRIENDS AND family. Enjoy the ride and get a free Game to Boot. Oh also don't forget to cash in your pin codes on Nintendo CLUB For free games If you don't wana sell the codes to your friends and they can get the games."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Justin","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A22MITGIR2851H","Helpful Votes":"5.0/17.0","Review":"I was looking forward to this game. The races are fun and even though it is lacking some characters I still was enjoying playing the game and unlocking characters. UNTIL I chose to play battle mode. My favorite from past mario kart from Super Nintendo to Mario Kart WII. And I was really let down to find you only battle on race tracks and not battle arenas or areas. HUGE LET DOWN. They took away the funniest part of the game. You can no longer play battle and once all of your balloons are popped you are a \"ghost\" and can no longer play for the remaining 2-3 minutes..... HUGE let down. You took away the best part of the game, and you can no longer play Mario Kart Wii online... I'm sure a lot of people will be disappointed. Overall the races are still fun but are not as fun as Mario Kart Wii battle mode. I will be playing battle on the Mario Kart Wii edition instead of playing the new game which I purchased for 60.00... Thanks Nintendo."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":3,"Username":"Michael Harvey","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2ASSKQ5S381UV","Helpful Votes":"2.0/12.0","Review":"THE GOOD: At it's core Mario Kart 8 is a good game. In a sea of games that try to be dark and gritty, Mario Kart 8 keeps its formula consistant and while this is no means a bad thing we run into a few problems along the way. Getting to what make this game good are the track designs. They range from very traditional (Moo Moo Plains) to the updated (Peach's Castle) to the brand new (Wario's Downhill Snow Race). The colors that illuminate from your HDTV brighten up any house or apartment. The traps and short cuts are a plenty and they will be a key to victory especially after losing some distance after being hit with blue shells and lightning. The animations are also incredible. Seeing Lava Bowser cause ripples in the course is always a delight, even if it hits you! The characters Look great. The animations work well on the brightly lit courses. By the time you are done you will grow to love some of the characters and others you'll grow to dispise and if you ever fall off the track you will recover quickly and get back to the race at hand. Just understand that Lakatu will take 3 coins each time he saves you. lol It's also worth mentioning the music. It's good (When you can hear it over character chatter and noisey attacks). THE BAD. -THERE IS NO OPTIONS MENU!: Were the game's issues arise is when you dive deeper into the experience and many of these issues could have been avoided with an options menu. The audio is pretty bad. Like I said before the music is good but its obscured by the sound effects. There is also no way to customize your button layout for the game pad or any other controller option for that matter. I have big hands and my hands cramp up whenever I have to hold down \"A\" or \"Y\" to accelerate. I'd like to use the ZR button, but there is no option for that. The other control methods feel don't feel natural to me. When racing with friends there is no way to change the number of laps in a given race. In this case everyone's favorite track, \"Rainbow Road\" was made into one lap even though it says 3; much like Wario's snow track. The Gamepad is dangerously under utilized. The only real advantage to the gamepad is a horn. Why does the gamepad have not have it's own screen and the tv have its own screen when playing multiplayer like Sega All Stars Racing. I've come to expect more our of my Wii U The battle mode is the worst part. Even with 7 freinds taking turns and batting it out, the battle mode was a more of a battle with patience. We rarely saw each other and we found that we were getting hit by cars or we were falling off tracks by our own sub par driving. WITH ALL THAT SAID... -I didn't find the items to be as cheap as everyone complains about -I DID NOT PLAY THIS ONLINE DUE TO UNCOMFORTABLE CONTROL OPTIONS -I cannot reccomend this to anyone unless they patch the game they have right now. OVERALL: If you can look past the negative and simply enjoy this beautiful game for what it is, then do so and do not let these gripes sway you. However if you do not own this game and you are looking to purchase proceed with caution!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":5,"Username":"Austin Williams","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AY9UXTMKYNSGH","Helpful Votes":"3.0/15.0","Review":"I haven't even opened the game up yet but I can just feel the epic presence of the almighty kart-ness!!! Just touching the case makes me tingle. I will keep you posted on how it goes after I open up this insane game!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"dave","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1YTJYIKLQGXED","Helpful Votes":"0.0/9.0","Review":"This game has potential but instead Nintendo has taken the lazy route to make an absolutely atrocious rendition of a once legendary series. The AI is terrible in this game, it's not competitive it's just flat out cheap! I could go on a rant here but if you're a gamer expecting a resurgence to greatness of this series then expect to be disappointed. I've played mario kart since the beginning, my favorites being snes, n64 and gc versions. This is more akin to the wii version. Maybe if nintendo does a few updates to balance the AI, add some dlc for characters and courses, then this game would more enjoyable."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Steven Pendleton","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AWZSOWZSJBQEX","Helpful Votes":"1.0/12.0","Review":"In a time when everything is 1080 Hi Def how can you put your most epic game ever out in 720p? I will play it cause I am addicted to Mario Kart online play, but on my 70\" television it's anything but impressive graphic wise. I was expecting an updated beautifully presented Mario Kart with some new tracks a ND some new twists, but instead almost every track is changed. Hope they come out with an HD version down the line. But it is nice to have all the cheaters gone in the online play!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Robert C.","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1JCYL1Y3Y7L2X","Helpful Votes":"9.0/33.0","Review":"One of my favorite parts of past Mario Kart games has always been house of battle mode with the family. Battle mode on this game is such a rip off when compared to the others its not even comparable. Poor, poor planning on this one."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"E. Morain","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A15K36CLS3QY97","Helpful Votes":"29.0/83.0","Review":"Somehow there is plenty of time to add unnecessary underwater/flying/etc gimmicks on nearly every level, but not enough time to add an on-screen map and options menu. Basically copy-paste Mario Kart Wii, add gimmicks, then release an unfinished product. You know what was simple fun without the extra garbage/padding? Baby Park in Mario Kart: Double Dash. - Needs more tracks. Why does Mario Kart Wii got the same amount of race tracks plus DEDICATED battle mode arenas? The DS version not only had battle arenas, but a Mission Mode. You loved the MK8 trailer featuring N64 Rainbow Road? Too bad you only get 1 lap around it! - A battle mode that is so bad that I forgot it even existed until right now. Goodbye Block Fort! - You get NOTHING for perfecting the Grand Prix mode. You call THAT an awards ceremony?? \"Congratulations\" screen after the staff credits is removed. I guess there's no reason for congratulations since you get no reward for getting three stars on every cup. - No stat tracking page, even though it's been present in every game since Mario Kart DS. Removal of basic features such as the race timer on the heads-up display. - A weak selection of vehicle parts; nearly half are just model swaps. - Still no character costumes or ability to change the color of your vehicle. - An objectively bad character roster padded with babies and texture swaps. - Graphics: No anti-aliased solution. Splitscreen with more than two players is nearly unplayable due to framerate drops. When your flagship game is having issues like this, its laughable to be releasing such a gimped console with an $100 controller unavailable in stores. - Terrible item distribution. Inadequate defense (you can only hold 1 item instead of 2) makes red shells overpowered. Not to mention chances are you'll be getting useless coins from item boxes. Think of coins as the crappy version of a single mushroom. - The warning sound for Red Shells, Bullet Bills, and Stars is literally broken; it's not unheard of to get hit by something you can't even see. - You can no longer hear bananas being thrown until after they land. - MKTV is extremely underwhelming because you can't crop out specific clips from each race and piece them together - The poorly implemented highlight reel makes it almost impossible to upload footage of yourself getting hit by multiple items in a row - No friend leaderboards for Time Trials; even MK7 allowed you to compare your times with friends - No sequential ghost races that actually made TTing in MKW somewhat enjoyable - You can only download 16 ghosts in total, which isn't even enough for every track - Inability to choose your Mii in-game and being forced to edit your personal Mii instead - Worldwide online races are still broken because of how frequently communication errors occur What makes the absence of the stat tracking page even more baffling is that you actually need coins to unlock things, and yet you have no way of knowing how many coins you have. I'm sick to death of Nintendo adding in new features and taking them out of future games. Is this being done so they can disguise how derivative their sequels really are? Why can't they add a proper single player mode for once? Diddy Kong Racing had an excellent adventure mode, and that game came out almost 20 years ago. HOW DO YOU RELEASE A RACING GAME IN 2014 WITHOUT AN ON-SCREEN MAP? WHERE IS HORIZONTAL SPLIT SCREEN? Games like these should be relentlessly adding options. Want a map on the television? Yes or No. Want a map on the Gamepad? Etc. Nintendo gets away with it because its Mario Kart. If you're waiting for DLC in ANY game to add such basic options, and the developer has not commented IMMEDIATELY then that game does not deserve to be bought at full price! With such half-assery PLEASE do not touch the F-Zero franchise, Nintendo. I hope people can see past the shiny new graphics and acknowledge just how disappointing MK8 is in retrospect. They could have done so much more with it, and yet some people are going to dismiss these complaints as \"irrelevant\" or \"trivial\" because the gameplay isn't directly affected. Just think about it for a moment, Nintendo only releases ONE Mario Kart per console and handheld. Mario Kart 8 just released. Have you ever dreamed about talking online during a race or on Block Fort with teammates? Maybe the next one in 5 or so years will have it. Maybe. [Review ended due to communication error]"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Rich","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3LG6JSEID2VX1","Helpful Votes":"8.0/34.0","Review":"I will state right off that I only play Mario Kart for the battle mode and couldn't care less about the racing. That being said, this game is basically a paper weight to me because the battle mode is so bad. The main reasons being: no mini map on tv screen, no wheelies, only one item at a time, NO BATTLE ARENAS! The first 3 reasons also make the racing not as fun, too. So if you like driving around in a circle race track with no map to find the other players while only being able to hold one item at a time sounds like fun, then this game is for you."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Anthony Delvecchio","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RIIADVUNH3N0","Helpful Votes":"3.0/21.0","Review":"My friends and I have loved Mario Kart battle mode since te SNES edition. In MK8 there are no arenas, just tracks ... very sad"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Ryan Whitney","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3RXW1MNLN4NYR","Helpful Votes":"1.0/17.0","Review":"Good lord where do i begin with this thing first off i havent played mario kart since MK64 and its fallen a long way from that with this crappy game the battle mode is horrible all i could think was \"whats going on what am i doing i remember this being a lot different\" then we get to the characters why are there so many dumb ones???? jeesh nintendo you can do better then comes the HUGE issue what in the world did they do to the 150cc grand prix that crap is impossible ive never played a game where the rubberbanding was so unfair i couldnt win to save my life talk about impossible i couldnt stop yelling and swearing at the game for these ridiculous AI comebacks out of friggin nowhere the item randomization is horribly unfair as i ended up in getting the same items that i had in 10th place as i was getting in first place how am i supposed to catch up when im getting green shells coins and bananas god!!!!! The list goes on of bad things that nintendo has done to this game!!! please nntendo i want to see you do well stop making mario games for a while please its getting bad all the mario games youve done for the wiiu have been horrible and this is no different please stop being jerks and let 3rd party developers give you some software so that we have good games to play until you guys can figure out what youre doing with your lives!!!!!!!!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Red","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A4M3FV7TRXWD7","Helpful Votes":"2.0/20.0","Review":"No settings menu. AI is bs in 150cc. I genuinely hate this game. New battle mode sucks."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"Dude","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3EQTICNBT5R6E","Helpful Votes":"7.0/35.0","Review":"After spending 60 bucks on this, I feel I have a right to complain about this let down. Fanboys and newcomers to Mario Kart will love this game, because it does stand very well on its own, it's just not an improvement over Mario Kart Wii. So many great aspects have been taken away from the previous installments (stat keeping, using multiple items, vertical split screen option, on screen map, falls off of the course that actually penalize you, option menus, etc...). Yet, the few new added gimmicks such as driving on walls or underwater, or even the clunky hang gliding, do not add anything to this game. As far as graphics go, they're on par with PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360. It has some real good music, which gets drowned out by all the spammy sound effects. Also, being good at this game means you'll never pick up any fun items, due to the handicapping. My two pet peeves are that when playing multiplayer, the player using the gamepad gets the unfair advantage of having a map (among other neat things) which give them an advantage over other players; and also that each player can't have their own personal screen (player 1 using gamepad / player 2 using TV set)"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"George Do","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1H0457FEMJYUT","Helpful Votes":"1.0/21.0","Review":"My leasy favorite Mario Kart ever. I love Mario Kart but this has to be the worst. The CPUs look like they are on hacks because of their speed and item avoiding. The fire hopping startegy is to OP. It is not fair for new people online because of that strategy. I would get a refund but I got it from Amazon."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"J. Ogilvie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A12JTEUWNJ9OSR","Helpful Votes":"17.0/68.0","Review":"All the good things Nintendo added were negated by what they took away: -Battle Mode is ruined, battle courses are just race tracks and you have 3 balloons until they are popped then you drive around invisible and unable to do anything. -No more wheelies -Only one item at a time -Can only choose between 3 random courses at a time in online racing. I will say that this was my most anticipated game release of all time and I am so very much disappointed in Nintendo and I hope they give us an update or downloadable add on pack for it. Jeremy"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Paul Vogel","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A38Q4LE9XVDU59","Helpful Votes":"2.0/25.0","Review":"The game looks great. It plays great. Unfortunately it's crap under a shiny bonnet. They really phoned this one in. It's frustrating because it looks great and plays so well. The problem and it is a HUGE one, is that on 150cc races against the ai, you can go the whole race and get hit a normal amount by the other racers. As soon as you are in first place and about 100-200 feet away from the finish line on the last lap, you will get hit repeatedly and often get knocked down to about 5th place. There is an item you can get that nullifies an attack, but you rarely get it, and it's good for one attack against you. The problem is, they designed the ai in a way that forces people to play nintendos way to win. You have to sit back from the front until the last lap and then make your way to the front to consistently finish in the place you could have easily reached in the first lap. Mario kart fans or not, I truly don't understand how so many people can overlook such a gigantic flaw. I understand the game is big for parties and whatnot, but not everyone wants to play multiplayer all the time. They have gone the same route as other \"next gen\" titles by forcing you into playing multiplayer. Don't get me wrong, you can play the game and beat it against the ai, it's just so predictable when you will get hit, that you feel like if you want your monies worth, you need to play against actual people. It's 2014, how has the computer become more predictable in this series? I am not a mario kart fan boy. I bought a wii u recently and got mario kart 8 thinking it would be a great buy and a good time to delve into this cool little world. If you are not currently a major fan of mario kart games, look somewhere else. This game will NOT be worth 30$ unless you want to play multiplayer. If you pay more than 30$, seriously reconsider unless you have mario sheets and a yoshi bed spread. This game is probably the best transforming racing game out there right now, but I would suggest looking into the sonic transforming game over this one. This game does look fantastic. It has great levels. It plays very smooth. There is so much going for it, and that's why I'm so disappointed. They made such a great game besides one integral part of it falling flat on it's mustached face. Unfortunately it was one of the pillars of the game that wasn't even close to being level with the others that brought the whole thing down. Don't buy the game unless you want to encourage this laziness in game design, because dollar signs are the motivators for game developers to repeat what they've done. If you're ok with how the game is, by all means go for it. Just don't jump in if you haven't already decided because there's and angry little goomba waiting at the bottom."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"James Hamilton","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AKOVZXRIFMH5R","Helpful Votes":"3.0/28.0","Review":"I have never left a review before. But I felt the need with this game. This game is not complete. Like any other Mario kart game you will lose all the time when you get to the last part right before you are about to take first place on a level. There is a certain track that no matter what I do no matter how far ahead I am when. I get to the last turn on the 3rd lap I get hit by a shell and lose. If you are a player that is normally in first place you will not enjoy this game. You will almost never get any weapons to defend yourself when you get hit. You will only get items that will not help you in any way. The game is very cheap when it comes to the weapons. The computer will always figure out a way to cheat you out of the win. Be prepared for A LOT of anger."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Jessica L. Hoffman","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WIJ8UB08FDY9","Helpful Votes":"1.0/22.0","Review":"this game is horrible. way to easy. not worth the money . First of all they got rid of dry bones , funky kong , diddy kong , bowser jr. , and dry bowser . they also got rid of coin battles and stadiums . they also got rid of some of the best carts and the miis look really fat"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Luke M. Stanley","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AAO71J505FVI5","Helpful Votes":"6.0/37.0","Review":"I'm sorry, but they RUINED battle mode in this game....period. Grand Prix is OK, but nothing special...thus, I feel this is the weakest console based MK in the entire series. I hate it, but it's true. Very disappointed. I rank the MKs as such: 1. Super Mario Kart 2. Double Dash 3. Wii 4. MK64 5. MK8"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Anders Bandt","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AH75N3MRHNVNT","Helpful Votes":"3.0/29.0","Review":"Received the game case with plastic over it. Removed the plastic and there was no disc inside. Imagine that."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":2,"Username":"J. Hohulin \"farallonhr\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AX3EZE9AJNXOR","Helpful Votes":"5.0/37.0","Review":"With MarioKart Wii, you could have no internet and play for thousands of hours. It kept track of your time trials and standings, knew your characters, everything. MarioKart 8 sucks by comparison. You need to be logged in to the Nintendo network to keep track of your time trials and standings, etc. If you have spotty internet like we do, you can play but are limited in what you can do. (Just like Disney Infinity, which sucks even worse.) BE WARNED: This is a Wii U game, which means that the stupid Wii U GamePad controller is the main controller. Its nowhere near as fun and easy as the simple-and-easy-to-use Wii controllers. You can still use them in multi-player races, but if you go solo you have to use the Wii U GamePad, which has so many buttons it's hard to keep them all straight and sucks the fun straight out of the game. MarioKart Wii was perfection in a videogame. MarioKart 8 doesn't even come close."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"John Hince","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29FEQIN8062OF","Helpful Votes":"1.0/24.0","Review":"Did not work. Had to buy locally to meet grandson's birthday."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"Epsilon Delta","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3KTWUXXB8KKC7","Helpful Votes":"9.0/57.0","Review":"I like the game, but the music definitely is a weak spot for the game. It is like some cheesy \"ambiance music\" that you may hear in a hotel lobby or some cheesy DVD's title menu. The gameplay is still good, but somehow without the excitement I got from playing Mario Kart N64, Mario Kart Wii, or Mario Kart 7. It also felt somewhat too easy to play. But I think once I try to get all Number 1 in 150CC and try to compete online, then it could be much more interesting. One thing about the music (and possibly the gameplay) is that it is somewhat like a \"corporate product\". Maybe it was developed under the manager who didn't like \"second opinions\" or from a development group that has a lot of politics and nobody suggested or dared to suggest the choice of music in the game. In terms of whether to buy this game: if money isn't an issue for you, I think no matter what, you probably will get the game anyway, as Mario Kart fans tend to be quite loyal to this game. (I, for one, couldn't wait for this game to come out on May 30th but instead went on to eShop to buy it around 10pm California time). But if you are picky about games and not necessary a big fan of Mario Kart, then I'd say play at your friend's house and decide later."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Mario 3ds land","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A29C00EHRM6UA4","Helpful Votes":"3.0/36.0","Review":"Hi good afternoon. Currently I have problems with the game, showing a 150-1031 mistake, a defect with the other games I have no problems. For this case, which I will return the money or I can post another game. In the picture, you can see the evidence."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Keith","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A10WMKOL27VEI","Helpful Votes":"4.0/47.0","Review":"How you finish in races depends on your driver rating. The results are predetermined before the race even starts. If you get in front but have a low driver rating, your driving will become very sluggish and you will slow down. It's almost like your stuck in molasses until the higher rated drivers either hit you with something or pass you. Once your position in the race is equal to your driver rating compared to other drivers, your driving will improve to normal. This isn't a race about skill, it's all predetermined before you even start the race. It's not much of a game, but more of a lesson in futility. If you just sit there at the start line while the race starts, you will eventually get a communication error every time. Why? If it were a real game where you had a chance at using your own skill to win, it wouldn't comm out, it would just let everyone finish and then tell you that you finished last. I noticed that when I play other players that have a higher rating than me they always seem faster and no matter how many boosts I get, I can't catch up to them. Keep an eye on the results and you will see that it mostly lines up with who has the highest driver rating. I played in one group where I had the highest rating and I won every race without even much effort because I was just faster than them due to my driver rating. This game and the Nintendo Online game play in general is pathetic. PS4 and XBOX are by far better at fun gaming where skill and experience actually matter."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":4,"Username":"andre","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3GTTSQA2VVDIN","Helpful Votes":"6.0/63.0","Review":"I skipped out on Mario Kart 7 and didn't really play much of Mario Kart Wii, but this game looks beautiful and plays great. However, this game takes some things from Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed that I didn't appreciate. First, when you go off a ledge or platform, you can do a flip and get a speed boost. Second, when you drift left or right, it gives you a speed boost depending on how long you do it. Those are jjust a few examples of what Mario Kart 8 ripped off from Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed. Anyhow for the pros, the music, customization of karts, character selection, race tracks are very good and I haven't been able to put the game down until now so I can type this review. Definitely pick it up and hopefully this game will be the system seller for the Wii U because it really needs it."}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Elizabeth","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1AVUAWHNZZ07O","Helpful Votes":"4.0/77.0","Review":"When I received the game I noticed the plastic disc holder was dented. I put the disc in my Wii U and waited for it to load. And waited. And waited. After a few minutes the game finally loaded and I played for about 30 minutes. It was fun. I exited the game and put it back in its case. A few days later I finally had time to play again so I took it out of the case and put it in the Wii U again. I started the game and waited........... about 5 minutes later (maybe more) It had not loaded. I started hitting buttons but no change, it still did not load. Finally, a message came up saying it could not read the disc, please eject it and try cleaning it and reinsert. I did this and the waiting continued. After about 20 minutes I gave up. I tried to go back to the main Wii U menu but the system was frozen and would not respond to any buttons. I ejected the game and did a force shut down to the system. I then tried every other game I own to see if they had they same problem. All of them worked perfectly. I tried Mariokart 8 again. It did not load and froze the system again. The disc is defective!"}
{"Verified Purchase":true,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Jason","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A28JHUZ2J4HMC2","Helpful Votes":"16.0/150.0","Review":"It's a sad day for Nintendo's Mario Kart franchise. The most recent installment is sorely lacking for controls and fun. First the positive - one of the most visual stunning games in the series with great back drops and cool player animations. Unfortunately, that is the end of the good stuff. Mario related games, while not always the best graphically, have been leaders in quick response controls and high enjoyment. This game falls far short of that with poor responding controls and almost PS One like load times. The carts & bikes drive like furniture through a tar pit with sluggish at best response times. The drift system has been ruined with a gargantuan annoying hop at the start of the drift that takes away control and offers little gain for speed. Unfortunately the tracks are filled with tight angle turns that require drifting so be prepared to spend a lot of time trying to guess the best angle slide for the upcoming turn. Maybe they should call it Mario Kart Sk8te as you spend most of the course trying to find the best way to slide versus actually steering through the obstacles. The new items are ok but not outstanding and the loss of carry for an extra item in inventory is poor change. The computer AI is predictable and missing the frantic fun of previous installments. The overall speed of the game is slow with little difference between 50 cc & 150 cc. Also an unfortunate side effect of the above changes results in a lack of ability to catch up to computer AI characters. Less items, poor drift, and poor control means that if you have a crash early you won't catch up at all. Sadly this doesn't apply in reverse as the computer makes all the turns perfectly! Overall this is one of the poorest games released in some time. Sure it's great to look at but obviously Nintendo sacrificed control and fun for better looking water and backgrounds. I wish they would stick to what they are good at which is fast, fun , easy to control games good for the entire family."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Megan","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A3SJV50UN49C2E","Helpful Votes":"7.0/124.0","Review":"Congratulations Nintendo! You clearly know how to use your control-C and control-V buttons. Too bad you'll have to come up with something original once those keys stop working, eh? Hopefully you'll create something new and fun before you hit bankruptcy. And hopefully you'll learn to treat your developers, producers, and voice talent with the respect they deserve for helping you to build the products you sell rather than paste the exact same work they did over 5 years ago into what you call a \"new\" game title and sell it at full price. My heart goes out to the consumers who continue to pay for your re-hashes of the same-ol, same-ol crap-o-la."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"CKT","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1KR6W62Z0SD89","Helpful Votes":"19.0/219.0","Review":"Easily the worst Mario Kart game. Just look at the Battle mode. They changed it from awesome arena battles to... timed battles on the track? How freaking stupid! And the graphics aren't even as good as the sonic racing game also on the wii U. Not to mention that when you you use the upad it still displays split screen during multiplayer... how lazy! Not to mention it runs at 720p instead of 1080p... and not even 60fps!"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Whipple McTeelson the Third \"Purveryor of Mad...","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A6AT9WIGOXKRP","Helpful Votes":"2.0/114.0","Review":"6 years by golly. 6 long years I've awaited with baited breath for this fine sequel to that fine predecessor that was Mario Kart Wii. I rushed my package from the door right to my Wii. My hands shook so violently with the anticipation that I nearly took a doctor's prescribed pill to settle my nerves then i reminisced ever so quickly that such an act would render my finer acuities and reactions to a dullard pitch of unresponsiveness. So I trusted my fragile psyche would handle the overwhelming overload of sheer emotionalism as I waited for the load screen to appear. But all for naught. My Wii sat there perched upon my entertainment center spinning the disc a few times and then the big viola of nothingness. I hit the eject button on the off hand chance I put the silly thing in upside down. But nope. after back in it went still nothing. I dreaded that my Wii finally gave out after all those games of Carnival Games and Bowling. So I put in Metroid and that worked. Zelda too. But each and every time I place Mario Kart 8 in there ain't a doggone thing occurring. Heck, I even tried blowing on the disc old-school style. Still it don't play. Anybody know why? I tried reaching out to Nintendo. As I sat on the hold line for 15 minutes I kept thinking over and over why Nintendo would even wait 6 years to release a sequel when all they really need to do is set a few designers down to come up with some more tracks and slap different colors on the side of the carts. Not like these games don't just about make themselves with what little true innovation comes along and gets stretched out over 20years of this particular franchise. Either way I just hope they figure out what ever problem I'm having cause I hear there is a sequel to Super Smash Brothers after 7 plus years."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"ash","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A2WHXXQB6VSL0","Helpful Votes":"6.0/149.0","Review":"Mariokart 8 was okay but felt the levels where to simple and not next gen enough to play the programming was rile old and frusterationg"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"The1and0nly","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/ALI31O6E1W9EA","Helpful Votes":"16.0/446.0","Review":"I played Mario kart 1 and loved it. 20 years later 8 comes out and sorry but did I miss something? I remember 1, 64 and double dash. I think the developers forgot how to count because it should be Mario cart 4. Anyway the game is unrealistic and you can play as a gorilla. I'm sorry but I work with gorillas all day and not once have I seen them drive a car. The gorilla can NOT drive. would you feel comfortable with a gorilla driving your car? I did not think so. Soon kids will think gorillas can, and this cannot happen. 0/5 stars a giant failure."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Edward Nigma \"TheEnigma313\"","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1ZR8AIM298DFT","Helpful Votes":"12.0/461.0","Review":"Wow just wow. Nintendo needs to step up. This is a step backwards in the series. Nintendo needs to get with the times. Repetitive game play and not a lot of variety."}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Michael","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/AVD1F18USVLM3","Helpful Votes":"8.0/446.0","Review":"Crap waste of money same repetitive stuff game is lame and boring maybe fun for little kids but I didn't like it stick to mario kart double dash best one out there in my opinion they over hyped this Garbadge to much"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Freedom Of Speech","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1AJJP1IUL82LV","Helpful Votes":"11.0/534.0","Review":"This game is \"Gomi\" which translated means crap.unlike the review you're about to read which is absolutely \"Subarashii\" which means awesome. I heard a lot of good things about this game before it came out and had high \"misplaced\" expectations for the game. That was until I played the game,then everything started to make sense. The game has been made to sound better than it actually is by a lot of teenagers who spend 90% of their year on half term,they're socially inept,extremely boring and quite nerdy and when they're not reading Shakespeare they're going to play low budget racing games with low frame rates and even lower pixels. Not too dissimilar to anything else nintendo has ever churned out before,but because they don't know any better and this is seen to be good by them they'll just keep coming back for more. Other reviewers have praised the graphics saying \"they're as smooth as butter\" I have the truth for you right here. The graphics are as smooth as sandpaper that's been coated with broken glass. I know that's going to appeal to some people out there but it's not supposed to sound good. It was never my intention to make this game sound good because that would just be wrong. The Nintendo wii u just isn't powerful enough to play any games on,It seems like as the world evolves Nintendo's games consoles don't. It's almost as if the wii u is just a Super Nintendo with a different cover. Some people might be fooled by the TV ads saying \"new power ups\" I say they're not new they just look different because they're now a different colour than they used to be. Just because something looks different it doesn't mean it is. It's just in disguise. This game would be perfect for families if they consisted of children below the age if 3 and the parents would have to have a mental age to match. Dull colours don't help sell this game either it looks like \"Dark Souls Kart\" it's so dark and gothic colour wise, they've probably made it dark to hide the low frame rate problem that exists,but I saw right through it and this is my opportunity to expose these flaws to the world. I also noticed another review where the reviewer was screaming the praises of the feature that let's you spend hour after hour watching replays of the game. Why would anyone want to do that ? Surely even a gamer has got more self respect than to sit at his wii u watching replays of Mario kart 8 for hours,hasn't he/she ? Maybe I give them too much credit that they obviously don't deserve. Well, that's it from the worlds favourite games reviewer.until next time. Calm Down Son Freedom Of Speech Knows Best"}
{"Verified Purchase":false,"Star Rating":1,"Username":"Stephanie","Profile":"/gp/pdp/profile/A1MHB1HRR6VPEH","Helpful Votes":"14.0/653.0","Review":"With this game you drive around a circle with other cartoons from the mario world, You can't go shopping so you have to wear the same outfit that you started with . Also for some strange reason everytime i am behind someone they shoot a turtle shell at me, animal abuse much? Also they don't tell you how to get good at the game, so whenever you start you are going to get owned. OH and if your Wii u is dusty from not playing it in 1 year, you may want to blow it off. Anyways i rate this game 1/5, for obvious reasons. But i recommend this game if you are a big fan. so 5/5 for big fans :D If you have any questions, post below. I will be glad to help."}
