Agreed with other reviewers that Qtip brand cotton swabs beat the competition. They do seem a bit less puffy on the ends as they used to. But still better. And I've tried other brands. I use them daily, and they're super handy for computer and other tight spot cleaning jobs. I live alone, so I now have a couple years worth of qtips. But given the cost of one of these in any retail outlet, a bargain's a bargain! Made the mistake of opening one of the packages in the vain hope that these swabs might be durable. They are not durable. They lint up terribly and the rolled paper sticks are so soft they bend with very little pressure. OK for babies, but not for me. Will try to find someone who can use these. Just ordered some wood stick swabs that can get the job done. From what I've found the Q-Tip brand does seem to have more cotton and the shafts are noticeably stronger than others. Was a little cheaper for me to purchase them here rather than waste gas and drive to the local wally world. These are same Qtips that you would buy in a store, and these are a great price. Just be prepared to hoard 2 extra boxes of Qtips in your closet for a few months. This is probably a 1 year supply. They are qtips. They are great. I use them to clean my ears after a shower. Lots of them for the price. Dont see myself running out any time in this decade. Review by Wife- Qtip has always been by go-to for cotton swabs. Unfortunately, the quality has on this product is not what i'd expect. It doesn't have the soft fluffiness that i've been accustomed to with the Qtip brand. First i thought that the cotton was packed tighter, but i'm halfway through a carton & have come to terms that there's Just a lot less cotton on each swab. I'm not sure if it's this lot that i've purchased through Amazon, or that it's the new standard. The last set i've purchased was through Target & Ulta, and they had the softer fluffier tips. Disappointed, since these swabs pull at my skin when removing under-eye makeup. But i'd still say they are better than the free ones you'd get in your hotel toiletry kit I bought a 3pack on Amazon and found they had the same poor quality (Thin sticks, small amount of cotton on end) as the cheapy generics at 25% more cost.  They used to have a lot more cotton and stiffer sticks.  I am disappointed in the reduced quality of Qtips as I am willing to pay more for quality.  Did you think consumers wouldn't notice?  I was planning to send them back to Amazon but waited past the return period, now I'm stuck with 1800 poor quality, cheapy, name brand cotton swabs.  Whomever suggested and approved this reduction of quality needs to be fired ASAP before they generate any more stupid ideas. Great price for getting 3 boxes of these. I live in NYC & it is rather hard to just "run out" to target if I need to stock up on items. I love that Amazon will sell these for a decent price & save me the hassle and trip. I did end up getting to a Target months after I bought these & realized that my Amazon price that I paid was a couple bucks cheaper than Target anyway. Plus I got free shipping and delivery to my front door - uhh..can't beat that. Have tried several discount chain swabs and felt like Goldilocks every time... one cheap swab was just too sparse at the tip, another started unraveling at the thought of being used, and a third brand's plastic stem just plain ol' felt like a stick in your ear. Then I came back to Q-Tips, and truly wonder why we ever tried the others. Q-Tips have just the right amount of bend-but-don't-break to 'em, they have a proper amount of cotton, and they are definitely built to do their job. I work in cosmetics and our store just never seems to have enough supplies, so 1,000 or so are heading to work with me tomorrow (and my ladies at the counter will be sooo happy!). A couple of the packs will also be heading to our daughter in college... she came home for Fall Break intending to 'steal' a few, but we were out. Now we're not, and we promised to send them in a care package; think she expects 1,350? Ha! While most get used for typical make-up and hygiene needs, Q-Tips are outstanding for other things too. For example, our son races remote control cars and uses Q-Tips when cleaning his motors and transmissions. Additionally, my husband spends a lot of time at the range maintaining his qualifications, and he uses Q-Tips for finishing touches when cleaning the inner workings of firearms. Am very glad to have found them in bulk through Amazon's Add-on program, bringing the price equal to or less than what we paid for the discount ones. Outstanding. Q-Tip cotton swabs have been around a long time and, given their excellence, will continue to be around for a long time to come. Excellent product. Highly recommended. Like the title says but for the price you cannot beat it. We've tried store brand cotton swabs and nothing compares to Qtips. At this price we won't have to buy them for years. Another great deal from Amazon. You may find cheaper prices on "off brands", but there is NO other cotton swab that compares to Q-tip in my opinion! And Amazon just makes it easier to stay stocked up. I've tried to use no name cotton swabs and learned my lesson, they were impossible to manuver, they broke and bent and made it impossible to clean the things I badly needed cleaning. There is NO substitute for authentic Qtips brand cotton swabs. Don't do it. Buy these in volume, you will always need them. + Price + Quantity Exactly as pictured and described. They work great. I do love how you are warned against using them for the principal function that most people use them for (cleaning ears) on the box. Too many lawsuits I guess. I bought these because they were a good price and I needed something to get that free shipping! WARNING this is a LOT of Qtips I'm pretty sure that in a house of 6 these will last two years or more... I may have to start figuring out other uses for these. 1875 counts ! Assuming you use 2 per day, this will come for 3 years! These are good. I tried Johnson's brand, and had to go back to Qtips. This is soft, and good for removing wax. Beware, don't use too deep or often. I have tried other brands in the past but nothing is better than Q-tip. Softer yet stronger, there is nothing better. A product with a thousand uses. This package set is a good price here on Amazon. What can I say about Q-tips? They work. They are great. They are comfortable and they don't hurt your ears like those cheap brands that have just a stick with hardly any cotton on top. I use the cotton swabs mainly to clean up my eye makeup after applying it - it's just a nice cleaner that can take off the extra makeup or clean up the parts that get close to my eyes, and of course to clean my ears! Best brand of Q-tips and thank goodness that Amazon carries them, because I've practically stopped going to Target altogether. :)! I like these compared to the other brands because they're not flimsy. The stem is solid and doesn't fail under pressure. Overall its a far superior product to the other brands. Excellent value. At the grocery store they are nearly double this price. I usually use about four a day, two in my nose, two in my ears. Individual use may vary. I have heard of all the extremes believe me. Some people use more, some less. You probably don't usually have three giant boxes on hand but if you use them every day like I do you'll go through them soon enough and you'll be glad you had this supply on hand. When Armageddon comes there are four things you'll want: (1) water; (2) batteries; (3) Q-Tips; (4) protein bars; (5) Zorro Mask. I guess there were five things you need. The Zorro mask is for disguising yourself if you need to go steal s**t from other people. There are other brands that pass as "Q-tips" but this is the original. The others are not nearly as good. Q-tips have more cotton and are softer. I use them for more than cleaning ears. My latest find is that I can use them on my oil paintings to soften edges or to clean up an area when I messed up. Just apply a little thinner and gently wipe. Works great Much better than those cheapo off-brand Qtips you'll find at the dollar store. Good amount of cotton on the tip, solid shaft, what more do you need in a Qtip? No complaints. The cotton tip could be a little thicker Use them every day. Quality product My mom always told me not to skimp on cotton swabs and to always buy Q-tip brand. She was right. I've bought the 99cent store versions and they're so flimsy and rough. It's worth a few extra bucks for the real thing. My girlfriend is always telling me I must have wax in my ears based on my never seeming to hear what she has said. I bought this pack of 1875 Q-Tips so I could be assured that was not the case. I didn't count to make sure I got all 1875, but it looks like it must be close. I need to order some more. Those limp wristed paper sticks you get from drug stores type Q-Tips just don't make it. I prefer Q-Tips over other brands. They seem to be softer. This three pack was a great buy. I gave my sister and brother a pack and the one I kept will last me for the rest of the year probably. Let's see....what can you say about a cotton swab? The cotton stays on these, I got a huge amount of them for just a few pieces of money. That's about it. With all the brands to choose from, there is still nothing like the original Q-tip. It is still the only brand I use. Good All-American product. Q-tip works great for the not-recommended use of picking your ears. It is a must have in any home!!! I like this one especially the handle part is made by paper. The feeling is different than the one with a plastic handle when using on ears. very good quality if you buy this pack you will not have to worry about running out of q tips for a very long time. The only brand of cotton swabs to buy is Qtips - other brands are flimsy and easily bend. That being said, this is a good value for 3 large packs. I know it will take my house probably 2 years to get through these 3, but I think it's worth it. I do the subscribe and save option because we are constantly using q-tips. We use them for make up, cleaning, human ears, dog ears, crafts. The list goes on. We have this come every 6 months and it works out great. I've tried the generic brands and they aren't the same. The cotton comes off almost instantly. We will always use q-tip! Quality is so far, the best I have used. I am overseas now and really miss this brand out here. I use a Qtip or two after every shower. I cheaped out and got generic QTips and noticed that the shafts bend every time I clean out my ears! I have since returned to the QTip brand and have never looked back. I'll pay a little bit more for a shaft that doesnt bend and cotton that actually stays in place. I use these for all kinds of purposes around the home, for pets, etc. These are very convenience and not too pricey. If not use these and see if it was just your ears being dirty! Nice big set of Qtips. I love the brand. Wouldn't recommend a no name brand considering where they are going. I felt like these Qtips were the redheaded stepsister of the Qtip family. The packaging was terrible - so loose that a few of the boxes were already basically open and spilling out when they arrived. And I feel like the stem part wasn't as stiff as the Qtips I've purchased at the store. They had too much bend, making them less useful for their intended purpose. I may as well have purchased on off-brand version. Maybe they were the inferior rejects and sold in bulk at a discount for that reason. I have used Q-tips since I was a kid. I have a bad left ear, I use for make-up, when I wear it. I've used them for so many things I can't remember them all. I have noticed that the "stick" is not as strong as it used to be. They can bend using them in my ear. I don't need any guff on using in my ear. You don't know the situation. Has nothing to do with seller, they don't make them. I will continue to use them till I can't anymore. This was a really great deal. The q-tips last for a really long time and of course they're good quality. Will be buying again! When I bought these I assumed they were at a decent price but have since found out that they can be purchased at Walgreen's online for almost $6 less. And with a min order of $25 the shipping is free. We go through a ton of QTips here so when it came time to order again we bought five 1875ct packages and saved a lot. I wont use any other brand and these are a great deal with lots of them so you wont run out. i've never used better cotton swabs made by another company. they are the most durable and best quality i have found. What can you say about q tips? Shipping was fast. These are qtips. yes, yes they are. Not too bad of a price. Great Value! Been using the same cotton swabs for at least fifty eight years. Tried cheap ones, they are not good. I have been using these ever since I can remember. There are also great for cleaning the remaining makeup around my eyes in the evening. Gentle and cushiony. I don't see myself switching to anything else in the near future. They're Qtips; A little pricey, but sooo luxurious. I can't stand the cheap imitations. Buy in bulk. It's not like they'll ever go bad. I clean my ears twice a day and this is the only brand I will use. They say not to put them in your ears but, I like to live dangerously. I think it is useful for many reasons. See the outside directions for detailed information. The quality is good. I recommend it to everyone. Qtips cotton swap is the best brand of cotton swabs. I use them all the time.I won't buy anything else. Of course Q-tips brand is the very best, hands down, and getting 1875 for next to nothing (including Amazon Prime free shipping) was a bonus. Can't go wrong. Thank you QTIPS for providing your normal quality product for Amazon buyers. These are exactly the same high quality product you would buy at the drugstore. If you need 1875 Q-tips, you should definitely consider purchasing these 1875 Q-tips. Do you really want to risk your ear health to inferior products made out of hard plastic and not enough cotton? Of course not. Buy these 1875 Q-tips. If you clean your ears once a day after every bath, these boxes will last you until 2019. What else is going to last you until 2019? Probably nothing. This is a ton of Q-tips! They work well for me and I love the strong paper tubes they use with these. The price is great and with fast free shipping how could you go wrong? If you would like to save money bulk by the things you use and start here! This brand has always exceeded the quality of other brands, including store brands. Have using for over 60 years & find this one holds it's shape better than the others. love the choice to buy in such a large amount and at the price, how can you go wrong? will definitely buy again and would recommend buying this size to all. we have 3 bathrooms so we put a box in each bathroom and don't have to worry about running out any time soon. My son loves these he takes the water out of hie ear. I have told him that he will need not to use these for his ears. He doesn't believe me. We've used off brands before and ended up tossing them due to not enough cotton on the tips. These are great for crafts and all kinds of things, we'll keep buying them. Before I invested in these, my earwax had grown to epic proportions. But of course, I didn't realize I had a problem because I couldn't hear anyone telling me how disgusting my ears were. Thanks, Amazon! Qtips Cotton Swab > Dollar Store Bought Qtips My ears are squeaky clean with the help of this soft qtip! Lots and lots of qtips. You can have a qtip party with all these, cheap and effective I highly reccomend these! I have always used Qtips as I think they are the best brand of all of the swabs. I really liked being able to get this 1875 count here on Amazon. It is a great buy. Good value Qtips for the money. I split these between us and our daughter and this way we don't have to continually buy these in the store. This brand has been around for years and have never had a problem. Use them for many things and have never run out. I value the amount of Qtips received. I have enough to last for quite sometime. Their use is for arts and crafts as well as makeup and the removal of unwanted makeup. My boyfriend's favorite q-tips! We use these everyday. The tips are soft and fluffy which aid in cleaning the delicate area thoroughly. Highly recommend these! :) There's nothing really special to say. It's a Q-tip! But they do the job really well and the little white cotton tips don't ever fall off! Big pack at a low price. Original Qtips are definitely better than the cheepo Qtip wannabe generic swabs that hurt your ears. Bend too easily. I never paid attention but I think Q-tips were stiffer and held up longer during use in the past. Now instead of 1 Q-tip getting the job done I have to use 2-4. What can I say about these guys? If you want to buy cotton swabs these are the "go to" brand. I've tried skimping on cheaper cotton swabs and keep coming back to these babies. They have more cotton on the end and as comfortable as you can get for ears (I know, I know you're not supposed to put them there). Qtips Cotton Swab, 1875Count is a great price with prime and discount. recommended and will come back for more. Nice job amazon.com with great price. Have been getting these for some time. LOVE Amazon prime and the Subscribe and Save program. They are Q-Tips, can really tell you about the product other than for this purchase I def prefer name brand. These are so much better than the off brand's product. I have a subscription so that we never run out. This is an enormous amount of qtips, however, there are 100's of uses for these. I use them to clean my ears, and my guns. Just make sure you aren't like that guy on the infomercial and burst your eardrum by shoving it into your ear. I use these things for countless tasks - and this is a great price to have them delivered to your door. I can't stand the imitation qtips with flimsy cardboard or plastic... these are the real deal. Q-tips. They do what Q-tips are supposed to. I do miss the wooden sticks they started with years ago, but I am dating myself. If you have the room to store these, this is a great way to purchase Q-tips. We keep a container in each bathroom and a spare in the linen closet in case one empties. I will do this again when we finally run out. These are the best cotton swabs on the market. Good sturdy stick with a good amount of cotton securely attached. Not like the flimsy ones from generics that bend while you are trying use them or scratch your ear because there is not enough cotton on the ends. Getting this pack is way cheaper than buying the small boxes at the stores. We use these for a lot of things other than ear cleaning so we go through them pretty fast and this is the best deal I have found. I'm always tempted to purchase the generic version of a product. However, there is a reason people call these things 'Q-Tips' and not 'cotton swabs.' They're the best! Well worth the money. We bought these Qtips about a year ago; the price is great for the amount (almost 2,000 Qtips for $9.50). We buy these Qtips instead of the generic Qtips that are sold at the store. The major difference between real Qtips and the generic cotton swabs at a local grocery store is build quality. For example, the card board stem on these Qtips are firm and do not bend easily. PROS: - Strong card board stem, does not bend easily like the generic cotton swabs. - Really absorbent, one Qtip absorbs as much as five generic cotton swabs. CONS: - None that I can think of. Country of Origin: USA Get the Qtip brand. simple the best. I use these to clean my guns and clean other small stuff around the house, work and garage. I occassionally clean the wax out of my ears since my wife keeps yelling at me :) We love Q-Tips! We have tried the off brands to cut costs, but you truly get what you pay for. With bargain brands you get flimsy stems and very little cotton on the ends. At times you get out a swab and there is nothing on the tip at all. That never seems to happen with the Q-Tips. They are sturdy, and the tips always have a consistent, and ample amount of cotton. Buying them in bulk like this cost effective, as well. I love me some q tips. I hate dirty ears and being able to get them squeaky clean is a daily thing for me. I dont know why anyone would need to buy 1875 Q-Tips at a time but if you need them all at once then this is a great deal. I bought them becuase I like to have extra for when I run out. Overall great deal, we all need clean ears. Needed something to dry my ears after taking a shower and this works great. Becareful not to shove it into your ear canal or you might have trouble hearing. high quality. good product . large amount of swaps. I think they are enough for 2 years using in normal. Brand name and genuine, as far as I can tell. This is a good value, having finally compared per count to some other brands in amazon. Clean and undamaged package. had to buy this as its good value for money and i was pleased i bought them. It would be a good idea of u a trying to save a few dollars. I like Q-tips than any other brand product. This was great offer. I would love to purchase it again soon. Great quality Qtips and nice time to stock up since we always seem to run out without notice. Will have a lot for awhile. These are the ones you want, has the perfect amount of cotton and stick firmness. All other brands I have tried either the cotton comes off too easily, or the stick gets bent out of shape. My wife and I will have these for years. So many to use. They are great for after the shower. Granted, I now have a FIVE YEAR supply of Q tips. But these are the real deal. The quality ones you remember Q tips actually being. Price was good. And I don't expect to be running out of Q tips for quite some time. I've tried other swabs and they never measure up to Qtips brand. Used a cheaper brand and had to go to an Ear Dr. to get the tip pulled out of my ear so I'll never try a cheaper brand again. Took away one star because it bends really easily. It does the job though. You get what you pay for not sure how to review q-tips. they are what they say they are. they work. this was a great price and delivered for free. nothing to complain about. Personal use at home, one of the old standby, like duct tape. Is there anyone who doesn't know what a Q-Tip is, and all it can be used for...? This is a good price, the product is the best for it's purposes. I have used generic swabs in the past the Qtips are the best The package came quick and in good condition. With this amount for the price paid is a great deal. With is amount I will not run out for a long time. All around great! Found this to be the most worthwhile... 3 packs for a good price, makes it easier to have around when needed! Best brand of cotton swabs. would not use other brands. just the right size. don't think I can live without it. Keeping your ears free of waxy debris will help you hear such wonderful things as: mundane, vapid conversations from strangers you pass on the street. cats fighting in the dead of night. the neighborhood ice cream truck as it nears your dwelling with sweet frozen treats. How can you go wrong with q tips. They work, they clean out your ears and the cotton tips feel like your average qtip. also useful for cleaning cracks and small areas. Great deal for a great product and I am super excited I could obtain them for this price. Thank you We all know how wonderful Q tips are, buying these helps just save a couple pennies that's totally worth it. Works out to about half a cent per Q-tip at 9.99. My ears are now very clean. So are Felix's. Life is good. If you're on this page, buy them! I've tried cheaply made imitation "cotton swabs" and they never cut it. Thankfully we've got bargain deals like this - twelve dollars for almost two thousand of these is a great deal. Even if you burn through QTips quickly - some of us get a lot more wax buildup than others - this is a steal. These Qtips Cotton Swabs work as directed. I use them three times a day to keep my ears clean so I can hear better. I got 3-pack of these (1875 in total) and I got them for under $10.00 shipped. No other brand works as well as these. I use them for everything from cleaning my ears to cleaning up mascara to getting crud out of my kitties eyes. These are awesome and I definitely recommend them. I much prefer this type of Q-tip to those with plastic or wood for the stick. This version is made of stiff paper/cardboard. I like the somewhat fluffy tip that this Q-tip has versus a really tight one. I use Q-tips per my dermatologist's instructions to apply moisturizer around my eyes. She says this will eliminate any chance of infecting my eyes with bacteria that, even if one regularly washes the hands well, seems to accumulate under the fingernails. I also use Q-tips to clean out the inside of my electric toothbrush head, which builds up with mold far too quickly. They are also useful for cleaning mold from around sink fixtures, and excellent for dusting small pieces of electronic equipment. I like these cotton swabs with the paper centers. They hold up well and with nearly 2000 of them, you can use them for everything. Qtips are the best cotton swab out there. I've used many generic brands over the years and none of them hold up like a real Qtip. With generics you'll find some swabs missing the cotton top, or the cotton isn't stable on the end of the swab. These deliver consistent quality. There isn't much variance here - they're Qtips. Unlike generic brands, the cotton doesn't come off the stick at all. Other than that, it's pretty much business as usual. Nice price-per for being a major brand. i look for a great deal on these and had to scope them up. Q tips are so cool and a necessary. i appreciate them even more and more as time goes by and how delicate and yet functioning so well for me. believe me my ears say thank you when i see them. uhhh.........these are q-tips. I use them to clean my ear after a shower. It works great. I don't know what else to say. The chick on the box looks like she's sleeping. Awesome. These are the only cotton ear cleaners I use. Others seem cheap and flimsy to me. The price was great and I would definitely buy it again once these run out. Facial tissues are all about equal. Ditto toilet paper. But Q-tips are the only kind of cotton swab I use. Budget brands either skimp on the cotton, or the tips are too tightly wound. Q-tips get it perfect. I would never be without this product. They are not only excellent for cosmetic use but they can be used to clean tile, cracks and crevices. These Qtips are not flexible..they are the stiff ones which make great for art projects. They dont bend all over the place This is the only brand of cotton swabs I will use. Amazon has a better price than the department stores. Excellent deal for the price! Being able to stock up toiletries through amazon with great bulk values has literally changed the way we shop. Thank you, Amazon! Lots of different cotton swabs on the market. I've used a lot of different ones but Qtips are by far the best. I believe it's because of the construction of the shaft is why they're superior. I like that the stick is not made out of plastic and it's the more sturdy paper/cardbord matterial. I also bought it in bulk so we don't have to make trips to the stores every time we run out; especially with how expensive gasoline is. I use a-tips for my makeup application and cleanup, so I go through them quickly. This bundle should last for a bit! Qtips are Qtips so theres not too much I can say. I've ordered these twice now and each time the delivery was great, there was no damage whatsoever to the packages and the price/ value is much better than the local store. You're getting name brand for the price of generic and yes theres a huge difference between the two! Always go with Qtip! I'm not entirely sure what to do with them but I'm currently trying to figure out some what to turn Q-tip Jenga into a drinking game. If successful I will report back. what can i say, they hold up well and are not the flimsy kind, and it is an exceptional deal I forgot how much I bought this product for, and am too lazy too look up, but I have used this brand forever and love it! It's q-tips, you use it for cleaning your ears, keyboard and other small spaces. It serves many purposes and every household should have at least one big box. It was cheap on Amazon so I bought it here. Oh, and don't go for off brand q-tips. There really is a difference in quality and how thick and soft the tips are. they do their job. not too rough on the eyes and ears. love to use it for removing make up smudges. I bought these around 2 months ago, I haven't gone though a quarter of one box. I am no QTip expert but they clean my ears pretty well and will last me forever. The heading says it all. A mass amount of good quality qtip brand qtips, for a low price. I was very happy with this purchase. What can I say about Q-Tip Cotton Swabs? Q-Tips are the best there is, period. They have never failed me & are as versatile as the day is long. There are Q-Tips & then there is everything else. No other brand is as good. I highly recommend these. Use these for make up application, removal, etc, so this has a thousand uses, and cleanup as well, there are so many things that these can be used for that I go through these quite quickly...keep them coming! Q-tips what can ypu say a stick with cotton on both ends. THEY WORK. product is fine ok shipping large size multi pack price could probably do better When you're looking for Q-tips and needs a lot of for your household this was a great buy, better than some deals at Walmart. I purchased this huge box (actually 3 boxes) of Qtips because I sent them to the Best Friends Animal Sanctuary in Utah. They are a no kill shelter that takes care of all types of animals including dogs and cats, injured animals, etc. They had a list of products that they needed in their newsletter and Qtips were one of the products. I use nothing but the Qtip brand, this was a very good price for a lot of Qtips. So, these went into the box I sent to the animals shelter. I always find Qtips well made (the cotton does not shred or comes off the stick), and there is a lot of cotton on the ends (not like some of the cheaper products). I'm a big believer in buying in bulk. If you are too, these Q-tips should be in your cart! Great product at a great price! My husband is a qtip junky! and he's very picky too! it HAS to be qtip brand and nothing else. I just found this triple value pack on Amazon and the price is fabulous compared to our local stores. Its even better with subscribe and save which I just did! Now we shouldnt have to worry about running out of these. In my husband's world, it almost equal to running out of beer! LOL What's there to say about Q-Tips? Useful for just about anything and work as intended. Don't go for knock offs. Review Q tips. Really? Ummmm, I wanted a mess of small sticks with cotton on the end to clean small spaces I could not get my fingers into. This product was excellent for that purpose, and at a good price too. :) I was having some trouble hearing until I bought these. Now I can hear perfect! What a great product! I think I paid 10$ for 1800 qtips, pretty insane, the local target wanted $5 for one of the 1 packs. Great buy! I purchased this huge box (actually 3 boxes) of Qtips because I sent them to the Best Friends Animal Sanctuary in Utah. They are a no kill shelter that takes care of all types of animals including dogs and cats, injured animals, etc. They had a list of products that they needed in their newsletter and Qtips were one of the products. I use nothing but the Qtip brand, this was a very good price for a lot of Qtips. So, these went into the box I sent to the animals shelter. I always find Qtips well made (the cotton does not shred or comes off the stick), and there is a lot of cotton on the ends (not like some of the cheaper products). Q tips are handy for everything. The quality of these cotton swabs is much better than the store brand knock offs. Amazon has these for a great price. I reccomend! This multi-pack is a fantastic deal. I've used all the grocery store brands, some of which are okay, but Q-Tip is the gold standard. They do vary a tiny bit from purchase to purchase in the amount of cotton on the tip, but the level is never unacceptable or uneven throughout the package, like most other brands, and you don't get duds in the package with almost no cotton, like you do with those other brands, either. Always worth a bit extra, even without the great deal. It's a pack of cotton swabs. Works for my household wevery well. There's enough cotton at the tips so you don't feel the stick. You can place a box in every bathroom or bedroom. I can get the pack at Costco, but it's a hassle sometimes. Having it delivered is just the best thing. Subscribe and Save rocks! What else can be said than there just isn't a better constructed cotton swab on the market. They hold up well for personal use and crafts. These are normal Q-tips at a good price. I prefer the name brand q-tips over the off brands as they are more sturdy and the cotton doesn't fall off. This is a great price and bargain. I now have them in the kitchen as well as both bathrooms. There is a difference in real Q-Tips and the cheapies. The cheap ones have cotton not as tightly wrapped on the stiff paper stick. I even use them to clean pink mold out of an indented area in the coffe pot water holder. It grows there because I fill the coffee pot too full. Oh well, by the time the water boils I figure it kills the germs that might make me more resistant to anything out to get me. Also, I learned a little trick from WebMD for itchy ears. Yes, I get itchy ears and oily ears. WedMD (and my doctor) says to mix white vinegar with water and use a Q-tip to clean your ears. I know, I know, I've seen that silly commercial on TV - Ouch! Bull feathers! If your ears are dirty, clean them. Don't forget your makeup. Baby oil, argon oil, olive oil, vegetable oil, ANY oil and a Q-tip will remove any eye makeup mistakes. A 1,001 uses for sure. My family and I have Qtips for years to come. Exactly what I thought when I ordered and great deal for me as I live overseas and can't find quality Q tips over here... I have ordered these several times from Amazon. Good quality and price. I order a couple at a time and keep them in the hall closet, as our family goes through them fairly regularly. Good product (QTips are the best swabs), and good price and convenience from Amazon. We live overseas and we can't live without Q-tips. That's why we buy them in bulk and carry them across the ocean. Cleaning your ears with anything else is just not the same. Its a value pack of q-tips! The good quality. Amazon had them at a great price (especially with a coupon) so I couldn't pass them up. Now I won't need to purchase q-tips for the next year (at least) What can I say, they are QTips. I am a rebel and pretty much just use them to clean out my ears. The cotton is soft and I am happy. Everyone wins and there is an absurd amount of them. I won't have to purchase this again for a long time thanks to the size of the affordable package. I don't use a lot of cotton swabs, so I fear I'm not going to run out of these for years. They're stiff enough and soft enough to clean my ears effectively. Qtips are the only one that I buy. They don't break and they have plenty of cotton on the end of them. I have tried other brands of cotton swabs but these are the best. Because this was an "add-on" item, the price was fantastic!!! I ordered enough to last us for months. In my opinion Q-Tips are the best cotton swabs on the market. They're the best I have tried. I purchased these swabs from Amazon.com once before. We have a cat that has a lot of problems with his one ear. It gets buildup in it. We have to clean his ear every few days. So we use a lot of swabs. If we don't do it he scratches at his ear until he gets it sore. Back to the swabs. They came quickly. I ordered them with other products, so I received Super Saver Shipping. Free shipping is nice! No complaints. I'll be purchasing them again. Qtips is the best brand of cotton swab I've ever used. I've tried several different brands over the years, trying to save a few bucks. Every time I've done that though, I've come to regret it. Other brands just don't hold up as Qtips do. Qtips are stronger, firmer, and I believe get my ears cleaner than other brands. the stems are paper and can bend. There is too many of them for me. Someone who uses a lot of them will be happy. The price is very good. This is a nice pack and the same pack I used to buy at the big warehouse store. Now with the subscribe and save I can skip the trip. The only brand I use is the Q-tip as the quality is much nicer than any of the other options. These are great. This was a great purchase in many ways. First of all, the three pack was much cheaper than buying one individually and I know I'll eventually use them over time though it does seem like I have an excessive amount now. The package arrived quickly and my ears are much cleaner now! Pros: - good value for a three pack - Qtips is a quality brand with well-made swabs Cons: - none I love buying this multi-pack - it's so much more economical than buying at Costco, even with a coupon. Will definitely keep purchasing! Good price and service. I have it in my subscribe and save. I am glad that I can have it sent to me when I need it. What is it about Q-tiping your ears that feels so good? I guess it's because it's a place you just can't get to without them. And why is it so traumatizing when you forget to 'tip after the shower and go outside? In my Top 5 Worst Feelings Ever, easily. I realize you're "not supposed to stick things in your ears" but I've been using these since I was a wee lad and don't plan on stopping now. I use these for so many things.. from make up to cleaning. I've tried other brands and so far this is the only one that the stick doesnt break or bend with the slightest pressure. It will be only name brand Q Tips for me from now on. I bought some cheaper drug store cotton swabs and they bend under the least pressure and the cotton comes off the tip. Never happens with Q Tips! And with three large boxes in this order, I will be sure to have plenty around. Q-tips are the only brand of cotton swabs i purchase. They have the desired cotton to stick ratio that is essential for a non-pokey ear cleaning experience. This was such a great deal. As long as you have the storage room needed for this many swabs, Grab It! I've tried dollar store cotton swabs as well as other store brand ones. They are never as good as these though. I use them for cleaning up eye liner, my nails, and sometimes for my ears (even though you're not supposed to...but who doesn't?) They last for a long time so it's worth the extra few bucks to get Q-Tip brand. I can't be without this product. Q-tips is the best brand for me and they are also very sturdy. I tried others but this is the best. The only brand that matters. Important facts about Q-tips: 1) they, as previous reviewers have mentioned, have more cotton at the ends. 2) said cotton tends not to end up stuck to everything other than the Q-tip, as happens with generic brands. 3) MOST IMPORTANTLY: the stick of the Q-tip is FIRM, not folding at the mere sight of an ear canal like every store brand swab does. since most people seem to disobey Q-tip packaging's direct orders NOT to put them in their ears, I figure this information would have been more ubiquitously reviewed. but since it has not been, I'm happy to report that Q-tip brand swabs are up to whatever task, or ear canal, you care to give them. My friends think that it is funny to buy Q-tips online. What I can I say - it saves me the hassle, it is cheep, and they have the same good quality as the once from the store. It's qtips not much else, feels good, decent handling at a decent price. I use it for a bit of everything, in the bathroom, cleaning, or for DIY projects. No problems. ...but never, never Q-Tips. I have never found a drugstore or alternative brand that has the same padding, the same stick strength, the same usefulness. Since I don't like poking myself with sharp sticks, I stick with OEM Q-Tips, always. Q-tips are one thing I could never buy an off brand of. We have all tried the other brands while at a hotel or staying with family. Its just not the same. Spare yourself the disappointment and buy the good stuff. You can't beat the price! Even at BJs, Costo, or Sams Club. I have a slight obsession with q-tips. I know it's bad, but everytime i walk into my bathroom, I walk out with 2 q-tips in hand. It just feels so good in my ear! Anyways, you can't beat this price. And if you love Qtips as well, then this is mecca. Regular Qtips, nothing really special to mention but then again they are Qtips, they do what they do and thats it i use these all the time.they dont unravel like the generic brands. i use it to remove residual eye makeup and of course cleaning my ears They're q-tips - lots of 'em! I'm a guy, so I'm not sure if there's such a thing as a q-tip connoisseur, but these seem as good as anything I've ever gotten from a CVS, Duane Reade, or other pharmacy. This purchase should keep me stocked into the 2020's! Decent price, decent product, decent shipment speed, decent packaging. What more can I say about this? They are Q-tips. :) It was easy to receive via subscribe and save. They have always been a great product. Hopefully, this and other vendors won't leave to the rate increases. *** Please rate this review if helpful *** These are great qtips! They are not the crappy plastic kind that bend or the wooden kind that splinter off in your ear. They are made out of hard rolled paper which makes them stiff enough to really go at your ears. The packaging is simply something you would find at Costco or Sam's club. It's just a bulk package of 3 boxes. Overall, this is a wonderful purchase and i highly recommend it This is the standard for cotton swabs. I wish the sticks were a little more sturdy but so be it. If you can pay a unit price of $0.64 per 100 swabs then you are getting a good price. Exactly as expected... No surprises. love QTips... For everything! As a larger family, we go through a ton of them, so the value packs become a great value for s! love shoving these things as far in my ear as possible, like i am tunneling to china through my ear Qtips-what can you say? I was raised on these and now can't live without them. I have adapted from things such as Kleenex to other brands but still trust this brand and am not comfy trying something else. Add to that enough to last for several years and I'm all set. its a excellent product, i have Qtips for a long time, very good quality. all its ok I recommend it. So glad i came across this deal! Noone goes through q-tips like my family.Can't wait to purchase this again with hopes i get the same deal! This is a lot of Q-Tips for the price! I love Q-Tips, and use them for many things besides "ears"! Only the best in cotton on a stick for my family. This isn't the pokie kind that hurts before your shower water is dried up from your ear. These are great and the 3 pack is an excellent money-saving deal. We use these for cleaning up polish mistakes on our manicures, applying eyeshadow, cleaning up the edges on liquid eyeliner application, and cleaning delicate machinery parts (with rubbing alcohol). They also help you get a better clean on your computer keyboard, since they can get down between the keys nicely. I have noticed that when I buy another brand, we end up using a ton more because they don't have as much cotton for absorption and the sticks of other brands tend to bend or break more easily. This is just the best quality for this type of product, in my opinion. I only buy Q-tip brand because I have yet to find another brand that offers the same quality. I use these things for everything from crafts to make up to cleaning my ears. I really enjoy not scraping the inside of my ear out because some off-brand q-tip skimped on the cotton. Plus when I bought these, it was a killer price. "Never, ever stick a cotton swab which was obviously designed to fit into your ear canal anywhere inside your ear. It's extremely dangerous to use this product as it was designed." The Q-tips brand is the best, by far. Then the often-more-expensive J&J swabs aren't as good, with plastic parts that bend or scratch and cotton tips that fall off. Buy the Q-tips. No surprise. Have used these for years. Fair winds and following seas for all of our men & women who go into harm's way on our behalf. Have tried several brands but this one seems to have the most cotton on the tip and it does not come off when used like the cheaper ones will do. THESE R THE ONLY COTTON SWABS I'LL USE. THEY ARE QUITE SIMPLY THE BEST SWABS ON THE MARKET. BEING ABLE 2 BUY THESE IN BULK AT THESE LOW PRICES IS JUST THE CHERRY ON THE CAKE. I WILL BUY BRAND X FOR MANY ITEMS BUT NEVER 4 MY SWABS. THE RATIO OF COTTON 2 CARDBOARD STICK HAS BEEN PERFECT 4 ALL MY 55YRS + THEY STILL MAKE EM THAT WAY TODAY. QUALITY CONTROL AT ITS BEST! HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Great value here. Can't go wrong with the price or quantity. It'll last me a few years at least. Will buy again. What does one say about q-tips? Don't use it in your ear. Who am I kidding, everyone who buys this product intends to stick it in their ear. Lacks bluetooth. I love reviewing items like this... what is there to say? Everyone knows the brand Qtips, so if you like the price buy them! I prefer this brand compared to the cheap ones, think it's worth the extra money. Great value for the amount of Qtips vs. the price. It's also so convienient to have the triple pack so I don't ever run out. WE all know Qtips.... no other brand has this quality. The price is better than most superstores. Great Quality and great value. How could you not buy this? Ok, so i ran out of q-tips and i'm not a fan of the generic ones so I bought this to ensure it will be a while before i run out again. You probably already have your own opinion on q-tips so i doubt anything I add will change your mind. I try to be thrifty when possible, but over the years I've discovered a few items for which similar generic or low-cost products are very poor substitutes: razor blades, light bulbs and Q-Tips (OK, "cotton swabs"). You can buy your no-name/dollar store floppy, less-padded, easily-shreadable swabs, or you can buy what works. Plus, buying them in bulk with a Prime membership makes the real deal as cheap or cheaper than the pretenders. Good deal for a good price. I always forget to buy qtips so this was wonderful and now I'm set. They are cotton swabs, ALOT of them, and they do the job well. Not sure what else to say about them. the 3 pack should last me a decade. The cotton on the swabs do last and stick so no issues of having to re-adjust. This was a good buy when I purchased it. Not sure if the price will continue to be good or not. great!!! does what it shouldgreat!!! does what it shouldgreat!!! does what it shouldgreat!!! does what it shouldgreat!!! does what it should. c Scumbag doctors tell you not to use this item for your ears... but it's so perfectly suited for the job... my frickin ears are sooooo clean now i just cant fricken believe it!!! im gonna use all these in one day What can I say, Qtips are the best in my opinion. The price was low and I am very happy with our purchase. never run out of qtips again! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Great price and it will be a long time before I have to buy again. One of those items that I always forget when I go to the store. They are of great quality and was fastly shipped. The original and the best. Most amount if material at the tips and they have a nice stiff wand. Imitators don't hold up as well nor do they feel as comfortable during use. I thought I was getting the wooden ones but these are fine they are q tips and they are a great product. Having tried others, I can only say that this is the best! They ship fast and most importantly they don't skimp on product materials! The wood they use almost never breaks! I wish I hadn't bought so much of the inferior one so that I could get more of these! Someday!!!!! Q-Tips - What can you say? No need for a review here really. Everyone knows how these work. Great value. this is a great deal. When i opened the box I couldn't believe how many qtips I had just received. The shipping was fast and they sure have allot of household uses. I think my home will be set for some time. These are good quality q-tips. They do not bend in the middle easily like other cheap brands do. Overall.. good q-tips. I'm actually surprised that these aren't higher quality. I have had Q-tip brand q-tips in the past, and I remember them having more cotton on the end. These are fine, but when using them in the ear they are a little painful because there is not very much cotton. Last time I bought q-tips, I went with Cottenelle brand, and they had more cotton. But they also use plastic stick instead of paper, so I wanted to go with the paper sticks. I'm not sure I'll buy these again, I'll look for an alternative with a paper stick and more cotton on the ends. They're q-tips; they do what they are supposed to, I've never had a problem with any of them being thin or falling apart. I am sticking with Q-tips. Every time I purchase an off brand, I am unhappy...so I am sticking with Q-tips. I am grateful to have it delivered to my door with the subscribe and save discount. These guys get the job done, I will only buy q tip brand bc generic can be flimsy & that doesn't work for m e It is beginning to become a running gag that I buy everything on Amazon, but when you can get what you want at a great price, why shouldn't you? Qtips are just another one of those products that I buy here and never have to worry about running out of. Thank you, Amazon! I don't know how long it's going to take me to use all of these but it was cheap and delivered to my door by amazon. I put a box in each of the three bathrooms so that anytime I or someone in the house wanted one - it's easy to find. The product is as expected - high quality with plenty of cotton on the stick. My ears don't hurt after using these as sometimes they do with the cheaper cotton swabs. Overall very happy with the product and will buy again when I run out - however long that might take. When I was young and poor (now I'm just poor), I bought generic cotton swabs ONCE. I found that they were inconsistent as to how much or rather little cotton was on each tip. Sometimes the stick had nearly nothing in the way of fuzz on it. I was a housekeeper at the time and I relegated the cheap brand to cleaning supplies. A multi-pack might seem over doing it for a two-human household, especially with a product count of 1,875 cotton swabs. Well, we keep them all over in addition to the bathroom. Electronics, I shouldn't even mention how delicate scanners can be, and while a lint-free cloth works okay for the middle, you can't really clean the corners of the glass without, you guessed it, a Q-tip.My husband and I like to play at art and Q-tips are great for blending. Then there's the shop. So, this one had an Amazon.com coupon and I bought it. Bought these as a sale item through Amazon. Great price and free prime membership shipping! It will take my boyfriend and I awhile to use all 1875 qtips, but it is not like they expire! My husband goes through a lot of Qtips, so I bought him this 3 pack. The price was right and if you've ever used Qtips, you know that you'd getting a quality product. The stick part doesn't bend nearly as easy as the generic brands you can get! I'd recommend this to anyone looking to save a bit on your bathroom products. You know you'll probably end up using them, so if you have the storage space, spend less and get the 3 pack. I bought this months ago and still using them. They work great for so many things and last for probably a year if not more. Good price, quality product - it's something i have setup on auto-ship every few months, wouldn't go without it. Thanks The price is nice and I can buy so many cotton swabs in a low price. But this is not what I want to buy. For one thing, the stick is easy to bend. And it is not very good for ear clearance. Maybe I will use it for makeup. Hopefully, it will be nice. I really need to consume them as soon as possible. I don't think I'll need to buy more for a decade. These are sturdy and the tips are on securely. I really don't like it when I run out of q-tips, so I try to have at least one backup box stashed away. This pack of 3 large boxes makes it really easy to keep myself supplied. I find Qtip brand cotton swabs to be the best-- they have the sturdiest handle. Somehow, the first pack that I opened didn't seem to have the sturdy handle that I am familiar with, but I am hoping that's just a fluke. Still better than other brands, though. Great deal with the 3 pack. Couldn't find them cheaper anywhere else, and they will last us years. This product came on time and I had no problems with it. If you need Qtips and don't mind waiting for them to ship, this is a great, easy way to do that. Exactly what it was supposed to be. Received on time and like it or not no surprises. After all these are Q-tips. Those are regular quality Qtips, not too much cotton. While ordering it I didn't realize that 1875 is A LOT. I think I have a life long supply and then some. I won't use cheap knock-offs anymore since a cheap version allowed the cotton to come off and it caused a very painful injury to my ear canal. These Q-tips are great quality with perfectly sized cotton tips, we will be ordering more in the future. Subscribe n Save saved us money over the box store, was easy to use so as not to have to battle the weekend shoppers and we didn't have to play hunt n seek since our local box store is never consistent on location within their store hence they cannot seem to make up their mind as to where to place these within the pharmacy department. Btw there are *excellent* for cleaning in tight spaces, such as Camelbak Bite Valves and the lids where the straw attaches, the tiny recesses in electronics as well as in keyboards. I use a tiny bit of rubbing alcohol where appropriate for extra cleaning power. Great value. I have q tips now in all three bathrooms with tons to spare. Very happy with this purchase These are strong cotton swabs with the perfect size/density of cotton at the ends. I use them daily to clean my ears, and 2-3 times a week to clean up the last bits of nail polish cotton balls can't reach. They're just perfect for ear cleaning. I can't really describe it; its one of those things you have to experience for yourself. I like to travel internationally and I ALWAYS bring Q-tips with me, since the brand is not widely available oversees. Once I forgot on a 4-week trip and had to buy flimsy plastic cotton swabs in a French grocery store. My ears never felt clean and the darn things bent all over the place and were hard to control. I've actually never tried a different brand in America. In my mind there is no need, as the perfect cotton swab is already in my reach. The batch that I received were of good quality: Cotton was wound heavily and tightly around the stick - this is important, to prevent loose cotton filaments from coming off the stick and getting stuck in your ear. The tightly wound cotton is also a must for working with electronics (used for cleaning contacts, connectors, switches, dials, etc.) Again, this mitigates the hassle of fishing out loose fibers that have come detached from the swab. What more can really be said about a q-tip? A very decent price for enough good cotton swabs to last me for a couple years. I have to go with five stars. I ONLY buy Qtips brand cotton swabs. Everything else is cheap and flimsy. I got this for a great price, less than 3.00 a package with a coupon Amazon had. I'm sure this will last me for at least a year. This pack of 1854 Q-tips is a great value, especially with the free SuperSaver shipping (on orders over $25). I used the Subcribe and Save option and saved an additional 5%, bringing the cost for each one down to 1 cent. They are the same Q-tips we all grew up using, with rolled paper stems and cotton tips. They're useful for so many small jobs besides cleaning ears - removing makeup or nail polish applied in the wrong place, using peroxide on small wounds, cleaning the "eye" on CD players with rubbing alcohol, reaching down into small vases that need cleaning, cleaning out thin tubing. We haven't had any problems with the stick bending too much or the cotton tip unwinding, like some reviews have stated. And of course they never go bad even after years of sitting in the closet, so stocking up at a good price makes sense. I've been using Q-tips brand my entire life, no other cotton swab can compare! Like another reviewer said, the stem is rolled paper, much like a lollipop stick, so it's super sturdy. I don't see how some people have a problem with them "bending"...unless you actually make an effort to bend it, then of course it can break in two. The cotton on each end is just like it always is, and just the way I like it: fluffy, soft, and woven tight enough. I bought this on Nov. 3, 2011 for $7.90 with subscribe&save + prime I love these things and will not use and brand but qtip. Lets be honest we all know not to shove these things into our ears, but we do it anyways. The eargasm I get from these things is amazing, and the quality means no accidently stabbing myself because of loose cotton on the swab. i love them. i use them for cleaning other things too, and i can never have enough. Nice to get 3 packages for 1875 count. Wish the cotton tips were tighter as they seem loose and flake too easily. Classic Q-Tips. Generic types just don't work for me. Q-tips simply has the perfect ratio of cotton on both ends with a flexible stick that's still sturdy enough to not be bent easily. You can use these for so many things that they're worth it! (A lot of reviews are complaining that they're not wood sticks but Q-tips have been the same quality they have been for over 30 years. They've never been wood sticks and will never be wood sticks.) Great price for the same quality cotton swabs. Can't compromise with the bargain brands that have barely any cotton on the ends, especially for children. we enjoy them very much at it will take years to use them up but they are very useful to us Good product, just like in the store. Firm sticks and cotton doesn't come off end. I generally recommend the branded version like this. good price for the quantity I get. product arrived in reasonable time. It is a Q-Tip brand so you get what you paid for ... Some things cannot be bought generic and Q-tips are one of them. The wooden shaft is sturdy and the cotton is packed just right on the ends. QTIPs certainly make a fine product. This was a great price compared to many stores and even sales. I am happy with my purchase and I would buy again. There is no better cotton swab than this brand. I have tried generic ones and they just don't perform the way that these do. They are not as stiff or as soft. I got a MASSIVE 3-pack of these (1875 in total) and I got them for under $10.00 shipped. No other brand works as well as these. I use them for everything from cleaning my ears to cleaning up mascara to getting crud out of my kitties eyes. These are awesome and I definitely recommend them. When I bought this it was on sale. Can't remember the price but quality wise lot better than what I get from Walmart. Does not bend or any thing very stiff. Had no problems with these cotton swabs. Has plenty of cotton and doesn't bend like other cotton swabs I've had before People who have that itch know that the addictive swabs are so awesome at scratching that certain itch. They do their job great and this is one place where you do not want to risk generic junk when this one works oh so well. They are great at so many things and have high quality cotton. I have rarely ever had the cotton come off or look uneven! Would recommend to anyone for ears or other work needed. One of life's best inventions! I use a lot of the Q-Tips and it is so convient to have them delivered to my door. I am disabled and can't get to the store that often. The price is excellent also. This is a really good deal! I keep these handy for the house and to put in with baby shower gifts. GOD BLESS! After becoming fed up with cheap dollar store cotton swabs which would fall apart or bend easily, I decided to grab these off Amazon and they're amazing. They are high quality and last a long time. Highly recommended. Definitely the best swabs out there in the market! They're soft and comfy enough the be used on ears, but also long enough to clean machinery. Cheaper than getting it at Walmart, too! Always buy name brand on these. The others always fall apart or don't have enough cotton. These work great and are a good price (or were when I bought them). I like name brand q-tips because the middle part is really sturdy vs. the non-name brand ones. These work great and were a good value My black lab with big floppy ears that always need cleaning prefer these over the cheap ones, and these work the best. Eargasm when using these just after my daily shower. My day wouldn't be the same without this invention. Use a lot of these and think this is a great price for the amount you get! Arrived in perfect condition and great value, especially for families. Bought 3 pack. First box I opened has defective swabs. One end normal; opposing end has blunt tip of cardboard stick exposed. No cotton tip although there is some cotton wrapped below the tip. Now I can buy enough for even my wife can't use up all the Q tips in one week. Buying in bulk helps. These swabs are cushioned at their tips, making them gentle. Used for makeup removal around the eyes, cleaning ears, and removing excess nail polish when 'painting' my nails, this is a very decent product. I've tried the off-brands and found them lacking. The sticks bend too easily and/or the tips are not adequately cushioned. Q-tips is the brand that is consistently good. As for price, I've shopped around and find the pricing to be competitive. If you are an Amazon Prime member (annual fee) and buy a lot of products online, you can save money by having this shipped to you FREE and without tax (in my home state). By choosing to have it delivered at specific intervals, the price drops even further. With the price of gasoline going ever higher, this is one more way to save money. It prevents having to run out to a store for an item, making it even costlier. These will last you FOREVER. Great deal, qtips is a quality brand. The numbers of ear cleanings and household uses staggers the mind. These are the good ones with sturdy sticks. Recommend We will have clean ears at our home for a LONG time! Still using it after nearly two years of purchase. As with other Amazon products I signed-up for this with "Subscribe and Save". It is a wonderful convenience; and I never have to worry about running out. I wish Amazon even had more products available with this service!! This item showed up when I searched for wood cotton swabs. They're made by a known brand: Q-tips. So I ordered them and they turned out to be the ones found everywhere and NOT made with WOOD. I was misled by a review that said they were not the "bendy" type. don't use for your ears...i had no idea! great product and price. fast delivery I originally got this pack of Q-Tips at a brick and mortar store, the individual packaging differs slightly, but the product is the same. Nowhere anywhere on the package are any pictures of, or mention of sticking one in your ear. Because you're not supposed to do that. Not since water tobacco pipes has a product been so grossly misrepresented as for one purpose when it is in fact for another. If you took a tribe of uncontacted native peoples from the deepest part of the amazon jungle and put them in a room with a box of qtips I guaranfuckingtee that every last one of them would immediately put one or more in their ear(s). As a matter of fact I'm convinced that some of the suggested uses on the box have NEVER actually been carried out. Nobody has ever taken a qtip and gently bashed it into the side of a baby's nose. The qtip labeling is the equivalent of a closeted gay guy who spends all day at work talking about how much he likes tits. The box says "VARIETY OF USES" in big letters on the front - it might as well say "DEFINITELY NOT FOR PUTTING IN YOUR EAR, ONLY WIERDOS DO THAT" "THERE ARE MANY GOOD REASONS A NORMAL PERSON WOULD OWN THIS PRODUCT" Oh really? then why do you sell them in packs of EIGHTEEN HUNDRED??? How often do you have to comb your eyebrows, or pick up tiny pieces of sushi? Almost never. I found that these cotton swabs performed admirably at entering, moving about within the confines of, and departing my ear canal. ....well they work...good price... The best cotton swabs I can find. great value and love this product unopened yet...inventory control As described and great product. Great products for the price! Price too hi. $8.99 in BJ's Nice bundle for the price. Can't go wrong with these! What's to say, they work. Exactly what I expected. Have to have my Q-tips! Arrived as expected. An old standby... last a long time No surprises. Awesome deal! For my money, Q-tip makes the best cotton swab for cleaning my ears. The quality is constant - all tips have adequate padding (read: you will not inadvertently stab yourself in the ear with something pointy). Qtips are amazing! You can use them for cleaning objects, art projects, chewing, or medical use. Qtips in the typical hosuehold is used for cleaning ears though. Most people don't realize how great it is for polishing jewelry, applying lubricants to small mechanical objects, and most of all, cleaning belly buttons! Most belly buttons smell horrible and are filled with disgusting build-up. If you buy these Qtips, you can use them to clean your belly button. With this amount you can do it on the daily basis! Trust me, a dirty belly button is disgusting and I have seen my share. Just clean your dang belly buttons, please! The cotton tip is going shapeless during use. Good for nothing. Do not buy this. Worst cotton tips i have ever used. I should have bought these at my local drug store, they would have been cheaper. These arrived with one of the boxes opened, thus allowing the tips to fall all over the place. always a good deal on prime as compared to our local brick and mortar..... we sometimes add this in to make our $35 goal OLD FASHION Q-TIPS ,YOU CAN GO TO 'CHINA' WITH THESE THINGS BUT DON'T, I'VE HAD TO SPENT SOME E.R. TIME FOR BEING OVERLY AGGRESSIVE WITH THESE SWABS. FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS & YOU'LL BE FINE. I bought this on Amazon because I'm too lazy to go to the store. I'm pretty sure this is enough Q-tips for the next 15 years of your life. Losers call these Cotton Swabs. If you searched Cotton Swabs you are a weirdo. Wonderful too many Perfect. AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!! ITEM CAME AS A 3 PACK. 2 WERE SHRINK WRAPPED, LOOKED LIKE AFTER MARKET AND ONE LEFT ON ITS OWN. OPENED THE BOX AND Q TIPS WENT EVERYWHERE. THE Q TIP BOX WAS TORN IN ADDITION TO THE GLUE AGING AND CRACKING. THIS IS THE MOST DISGUSTING EXPERIENCE I HAVE HAD TO DATE FROM AMAZON SINCE YOU WOULD HOPE THIS ITEM WAS PACKAGED WITH HYGIENE IN MIND. I THREW IT STRAIGHT INTO THE GARBAGE, I'M NOT GOING TO WASTE TIME REPACKAGING THESE AND MAKING A SPECIAL TRIP TO SEND THESE BACK NOR WOULD I RISK USING ANY OF THEM. IT ACTUALLY LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE TRIED TO STUFF Q TIPS INTO THE PACKAGE, POSSIBLY FROM OTHER PACKAGES. WALMART DID A MUCH BETTER JOB OF THIS WHEN I ORDERED FROM THEM A FEW MONTHS BACK. good Only bought this because the "Refillable Vanity Pack" is no longer available. [...] They are q-tips, so obviously we like the product, but miss the vanity pack packaging. One of the Q-tips boxes had already been opened and something that looked like dirt had gotten into the box. Who wants to touch their face/ears with dirty Q-tips? I threw them out immediately, who would risk using them?! Pretty upset about this purchase! Didn't receive what I ordered....TWICE!! Sent flexible rather than wood sticks....TWICE!!! I finally had to give up. I was very disappointed and expected more from Amazon. Very frustrating. This product for the amount that is in the package is a good price. It beats all the other quote I received. I feel that this was a bait & switch. Under search for wood shaft qtips this came up but it was not wood. A diappointing buy. 