I just received my 16gb MicroSD card yesterday. It works fine, but I was surprised to see that the card itself and the SD reader weren't in a sealed package. These aren't in the retail packaging. They are in a small plastic enclosure with a label over the top specifying the contents inside. What else is odd is that the MicroSD card is made by Kingston, but the SD reader is by SanDisk. What is that all about? The contents are supposedly "new" but I have no way of proving that since the packing has been altered. If I knew that ahead of time, I would probably not choose to purchase this item. Im not so sure...about the authenticity...... and i dont feel i should feel this way. i mean this is amazon direct.. not Honk kong ebay direct.. right?? When i got my card i was happy to add power to my phone.. BUT right of the bat.. got a first bad impression... NOT ON SEALED PACKAGE, just plain card plastic case.. which looks kinda cheap too (thin and very easy to open)... i mean i feel it could have been a fake card... or a used one. NEXT i opened the case amd it and looked at the MicroSd card closely and focused on the lil yellow Metal connectors and you could see that they were scratched!! or if u may... used.. i kinda panicked... i looked at the SD adapter and it had no scratches... but the Micro sd card had sings of usage... i was like REALLY??! perhaps it has been benchmarked by the seller... which it should had been stated.. as refurbished cuz they are not marked like that BRAND NEW! Thereafter i went for some benchmarking myself and at first it seemed to be a rip off cuz i can only get close the 4MB per second (3.83MB/s to be exact).. i KNOW the MINIMUM for Class 4 its 4MB/s on the Transfer test... but i owned smaller size class 4 cards and they always OVER the 4 MB/s on the writing, i mean it totally depends on the type of file and the device but this myth its looking busted!! But On the Reading test it gets to up to 11MB/s but the 3.83MB/s writing kinda annoys me.. but this test its been done on my android... so .... i think before i come with a final conclusion i have to test it on a PC with a straight up card reader. >>>UPDATE: i tested it with a PC program and a straight up system adapter and i got the same.. the card seem to be struggling to stay on the 3MB/s on the writing with a 300MB file and it actually dropped to 2.45MB/s on writing at one time!! i dont care how fast the reading is.. this is going back to the seller. SELLER if u are reading this... UPDATE ur information to a more accurate description.. save some people time and headaches... if u sell this like this state it as .. Not on original packaging!! THANKS!! Definetly Not a class 4 and that's according to the several speed tests/benchmarks i ran.write speed was around 2-3MB/s and read speeds fluctuate between 7-11MB/s.it was no faster than my old class 2 card that came with my EVO. Also why do I get a Sandisk adapter with a Kingston card???!hmmm...kinda fishy if you ask me. The item did not come in its original packaging but rather in a small clear plastic case like the off market chinese knockoffs you find on e-bay. So in conclusion;if you are looking for a speed upgrade to your exisitng class 2 card then do NOT get this card.you will be disappointed...i know i am. It seems this 32GB Micro SD is one of those legendary "expanded memory" cards that is 'written/printed' to 32GB though in reality it is only 4GB inside and you don't realize it is bogus until after the first 4GB have been exhausted then you start to get the read/write erros. The seller was very apologetic and immediately refunded in full explaining that he had NOT tested the product himself. Long story short: If the price is too good to be true, don't beieve the printing on the package or device or it's FAT. You can't tell it is fake till you fill it up completely! And hope you don't lose anything valuable in the process. I have purchased Kingston Memory products in the past, including USB Thumb drives, SD Cards and PC RAM and I have always found them to be relatively high quality and to perform decently. This product is the only exception to date, but it so horribly under performs that other potential customers deserve a warning. I bought this card to replace the 8GB Class2 Sandisk card that came with my HTC EVO. The first step to swapping out cards once I got them, was to transfer my files to my computer (I don't have 2 card readers). I used the adapter that came with the Kingston microSD card to plug my Sandisk microSD card into my computer and transferred all my files (about 3GB) to my a folder on my desktop. The Sandisk card gave a very respectable (for a class2 device) 4.5 MB/s transfer rate. When transferring the same files to the Kingston card using the same card adapter and SD slot, the transfer rate maxed out a 50 KB/s. It would have taken me more than 10 hours to transfer my files from my PC to the Kingston card. A Class 4 device should have a _minimum_ sustained write speed of 4 MB/s. I ordered this product fulfilled by Amazon, and I am sure Amazon is not sending me any knock-off products. The card, the packaging, everything look completely legitimate based on previous Kingston products I have bought. Luckily Amazon has a quick and easy refund policy. Bottom line. Don't waste you time on this, it is garbage. i got this card specifically to expand the memory on the samsung focus. it has performed well so far (2 weeks), using over 10gb so far. zune transfers remain fast, music playback is smooth, apps do not lag. the user interface of the os will freeze occasionally, and apps sometimes require a couple tries to start, but i saw that before the expansion as well. the device has gone through three deliberate restarts, no problems with memory count after each. I used this card in my myTouch. Data transfer is very slow if you copy any kind of media to the card from pc and also if you access card from the cell phone. If you are not bothered by the speed then buy it other wise not. The micro SD chip didn't work in my phone or on the computer; it was not reformat-able either. The computer couldn't see that it was connected. I ordered this card and like the poster before me stated, the card is a Kingston but the adapter is a Sandisk. This looks like used products that have already been opened. I would of never ordered this if I would of known. There are a lot of counterfeits cards in the market today. I would not be surprised if this is one of them. I had this card for one day and it failed on transferring data to it. It seems to be working until you fill it up with data. Now it can not be formatted or used in any way. I contacted Kingston and read off the serial numbers on it and they certified that it's a counterfeit. No wonder it's so cheap! Will be asking for refund! Ok I didn't buy this product from amazon but got it on sale at another store. I use this product for my HTC EVO but what I really wanted was a 32gb but i'll wait for the micro's to drop down in price before I jump on and spend up to $70 or more. I ran some tests on this while in my Evo and got these results * MB/s = 1,000,000 byte/s [SATA/300 = 300,000,000 byte/s] Sequential Read : 14.863 MB/s Sequential Write : 9.031 MB/s Random Read 512KB : 11.275 MB/s Random Write 512KB : 1.980 MB/s Random Read 4KB (QD=1) : 1.492 MB/s [ 364.2 IOPS] Random Write 4KB (QD=1) : 0.048 MB/s [ 11.7 IOPS] Random Read 4KB (QD=32) : 1.079 MB/s [ 263.5 IOPS] Random Write 4KB (QD=32) : 0.047 MB/s [ 11.4 IOPS] Test : 500 MB [G: 9.6% (1.4/14.9 GB)] (x3) Date : 2010/10/08 15:59:50 OS : Windows 7 Home Premium Edition [6.1 Build 7600] overall i need to do more tests but riht now its doing its job. The product had the best price around. After I received the item, I suddenly got worried that it was counterfeit and began learning about how many memory cards sold online are fakes. I had to wonder why the price was so low. I even read a few reviews here saying the product was verified to be fake, and maybe someone did get a fake one, but however, I received my product and went to the Kingston verification website [...] ... I punched in my numbers only to find that I had the real deal, not a fake. Apparently there are lots of fakes out there and they die early and have crappy transfer speeds. Thanks for the good price on the real thing. Everyone out there be sure to verify you have real cards, the fakes wont be supported by a warranty! This purchase of a Kingston SD 32GB micro card WAS A COUNTERFEIT ACCORDING TO KINGSTON. It would not hold the data, very unstable, could not trust it. The company who allowed the sale should be locked up in prison. There should not be given any stars for any rating for this sale. This is a great SD Micro card. I'm using it as a memory card for my cell phone MP3 player. For those that are wondering, it does work with the LG Voyager. Don't get ripped off!!! Ordered the Kingston 32GB class 4 and received a 32GB class 10. Tried using it in my Android, mytouch 4G and had problems with storage; apps were disappearing, missing files,etc. Tested the capacity and it turned out to only have a 2GB capacity! Obvious fake memory that has been floating around for sale. Here are the results: The media is likely to be defective. 1.9 GByte OK (4102144 sectors) 29.2 GByte DATA LOST (61399040 sectors) Details:0 KByte overwritten (0 sectors) 0 KByte slightly changed (< 8 bit/sector, 0 sectors) 29.2 GByte corrupted (61399040 sectors) 0 KByte aliased memory (0 sectors) First error at offset: 0x000000007c459e00 Expected: 0x000000007c459e00 Found: 0x0000000000000000 H2testw version 1.3 Writing speed: 3.60 MByte/s Reading speed: 6.11 MByte/s I bought the 8 GB Kingston Micro SDHC card to expand memory - specifically for mp3 format songs - in my Blackberry Curve (I previously had a 2 GB card). I installed the latest Blackberry Operating System from RIM first, because I had a first-generation Curve, and had read reviews that said the old OS didn't support the bigger cards. I have had no problems at all with installation or the use of the card. Useable space was 7.4 GB at installation; I did not have to do any kind of formatting or other modificaton to use the card. It has been nice to expand the selection of music stored on my Blackberry from about 500 songs to over 800, with lots more room. This card did exactly what I bought it for, without any glitches at all. Installed this to boost the memory of my Samsung Focus from 8 to 22GB. (Yes, 8 + 16 = 24, but it's the old 1000 vs 1024 thing.) So far so good. Configuration has survived a couple of hard-resets and everything seems to work properly. Funny thing about the packaging. This chip is sold as 'new' but it didn't come in the manufacturer's retail packaging. Did I actually get a used product? Or does this seller buy in bulk and then repackage for resale? If the latter, then this seller should disclose the fact. If the former, well then... In any event the chip works for my purpose, so I'm giving 2 stars. I took three stars off because of the ambiguity regarding the packaging, and based on comments from other reviewers it seems clear that the authenticity of these chips is highly suspect. If you're looking for the cheapest price and are willing to take a chance, go ahead. If not, you should probably avoid this purchase. Had I known ahead of time that I would not be getting retail packaging, I would probably have not made this purchase. I purchased this Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card about 10 months ago. The price I paid was nearly 2x higher than right now, but at least the speed rating was (relatively) honest back then. One disturbing trend I observed recently is that: many flash memory manufacturers seem to be playing games with speed-class ratings of their cards. By definition, a 'class-4' card means it must sustain a MINIMUM write speed of 4MB/s; a 'class-10' means 10MB/s, and so on. But I have tested some so-called 'class-10' cards (Kingston SD10G2/16GB and PNY P-SDU32G3010-EFS2) which can hardly achieve MAXIMUM 10MB/s under the most favorable test conditions. This Kingston Class-4 microSDHC, on the other hand, performed exceedingly well in my benchmark: - For smaller files of 1MB to 15MB, this card can achieve write speed between 6.5MB/s and 10MB/s - For huge file size of 1GB each, its write speed is 9.4MB/s - The read speed is consistently high at ~16MB/s, regardless of file size That means this Kinston microSDHC card easily exceeded the requirement of a 'class-4' card. It would probably be called a 'class-6' (or higher) in today's market. I consider it a great value, especially at the present low price of just one buck per GB. I only wish all manufacturers can continue to give honest speed class ratings to their memory cards. [Aside] The capacity of this card, as reported by my computer, is only 7.45GB. This is actually normal because computer people define one 'Giga' as "2 to the power 30", which is about 7.4% larger than 1 billion. So 7.45 Giga-Byte comes to just about 8 billion bytes, which means '8GB' to marketing people. kingston card with a generic adapter in questionable packaging ... read and write rates not where they're supposed to be ... card was used and scratches were present at the micro sd card. Card stopped working after a few months (unable to read/write on the phone as well as on the pc slot) ... pc cannot recognize the card at all ... I fault amazon.com for not being very thorough on the companies they use to fulfill their orders. I ordered from amazon.com but the merchandise was sold by Komputerbay and fulfilled by amazon.com. to the seller: don't sell used stuff for new ... you won't last in bussiness to amazon.com : re-examine the companies that you fulfill orders for! I've been a loyal amazon.com customer for 13yrs! and I've never had any major issues like that Great customer service & Free tech support at Kingston where you actually speak to a live person and it comes with a lifetime warranty which will likely keep me buying Kingston memory. This memory card is being used as added memory in a Garmin Oregon 400t GPS receiver. Works perfectly and shows up as an external drive when connected via the Oregon's USB cable. A minor issue people should realize, not with the memory card itself, is that above 2GB is considered high-capacity and only directly read by newer Vista computers and not other computers or scanner/copiers with card slots. Kingston told me a person either needs to transfer data from memory larger than 2GB while it is installed in the device or get a USB high capacity memory card reader. I've never experienced a fraudulent product before, but this most certainly is that. Like other reviewers, I have had problems with the read/write speed. It not class 4...it's not even class 2! This card has an actual storage space of 14.8 and write speed of 1.5 MB/s on average...and if you try to add a larger file, that goes down to maybe 200-500 kB/s. I tried to backup the 7.5 GB on my phone and it calculated 9 hrs to finish. Amazon needs to drop these sellers. If you have an smart phone or any gadget with micro sd card, this is perfect, class 4 is not an easy item to find in the web, and actually the best gadets are HD high definition, so we need more memory, this is very good, fast like a full 32gb iphone in an android phone, this piece is one of the must have, even for backup is perfect, the big sd card adapter included help sometimes to organize the files directly in the computer very easy. It works. Threw this bad boy in my HTC incredible and now have 14+ Gb of storage on my phone. I didn't splurge on the class 6 or higher storage because I really don't think I will need these luxuries on my phone which is the only thing I have that uses micro SD. It is a nice upgrade from the included 2GB Verizon gives you. The adapter works as well and it came in one of those nice little plastic cases. I love this card! at first I couldn't decide between the sandisk and the Kingston. Im glad I purchased the Kingston class 4. In not sure on the read/ write speeds but this card performs better than the 16 gb I had. If your looking for speed and storage space this is the card you want, the Kingston 32 gb gets 5 stars for performance and storage space. This card did not work at all. None of my devices recognized the card. Amazon provided excellent Customer Service by sending another card to me; however, the second one didn't work either. I ended up returning both and purchasing a Sandisk card and it works great. The MicroSD card was fine, but the adaptor didn't work. I had a Transcend MicroSD-2-USB card reader that worked OK... So I just used that, but the product should at least do what it says. Get a MicroSD Card and get this instead... http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001NS828K The mini SD card works fine - it still takes pictures on my cell phone that I have no way to transfer to a computer since the adapter broke. The adapter split in half after a few weeks. I guess it couldn't handle the incredible stress of being pushed in and out of my computer with my finger tip. Won't be buying this brand again. PS - didn't work at all with the SD slot on my PS3, which can handled all sorts of photo card and USB devices just fine. Stear clear. I bought this for my HTC G1 phone and it stopped working after the first day. I bought two of these, one for my wife's phone and another one for my own phone, my wife have a Xperia x10 mini pro and I have a Nexus One, after 3 weeks or so, my wife's card was having issues, the phone did not recognize it, I had to reformated it several times, but It didn't work, I was thinking the issue was related to the phone and I changed it for a 4 GB MicroSD and that resolved the issue, I throw it away because I think it was damaged by the phone, but 2 days ago I had an issue with my card, I was scared because I have thousands of photos of my family and I was thinking that I will lose them, fortunately I was able to made a backup of my files, but after reformating the card it's not working well, my phone get freeze and I'm not able to use all the apps that I have installed in the card, it sucks!!!!! I bought this card specifically because it said "Class 4" -- meaning supposedly faster. I was using the MicroSD card with a SanDisk MicroMate reader as a flash drive. I can't believe how slow it was! It took me all day and night to transfer files onto the card that should have taken an hour or maybe two at most. It was impossible to play media off the card or run applications off the card, so forget about using it for those purposes. Since the MicroMate also takes (Sony format) M2 cards, I returned this and replaced it with a SanDisk M2 card, which was much, MUCH faster. I haven't tried other MicroSD cards, so I may be comparing apples to oranges, but I far preferred the M2 format. And if you're looking for speed in a MicroSD card, this isn't it. This is how happy I am with this product. I purchased this long ago and i took the time to do a order search for it! Basically, my HTC Incredible was accidentally put into the washer, after a COMPLETE cycle. I did what everyone said, took the battery out and put everything in the rice bag. After 3 days, the phone quit working. I was worried that i lost all the photos and videos that i took. However, when i inserted the microsd into the card reader lo behold i was looking at EVERYTHING!!! Amazing! Not only did this card not die but it is still chucking along with my new HTC Thunderbolt!! This is an awesome card!!! I ordered this 8gb Kingston micro sd for my LG Dare. It works perfectly for storing my music and pics. I've had this 16gb micro sd card for about 4 and a half months and a week ago it started causing problems on my droid incredible. It would give me an error saying it was unexpectedly removed. Research showed that this was due to bad sectors on the card and the phone having problems accessing files. Upon scanning the card, there were some bad sectors. That's pretty crappy for a 4 month old SD card. I had Galaxy Note 2 and bought two of Kingston Digital 32 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card for my daughter and mine. At the beginning, it worked very well. But about 5 months later we could not open some files from cell phones and computer. When I insulted them to computer to read, the computer said it needed format. Now I removed them from my phone and replaced them with SanDisk. Please do not buy this. I purchased this for my Garmin Nuvi 1490 LMT because my "Lifetime Maps" would not install because of memory constraints. (I think Garmin could add a litte more memory to their products).The Garmin site wanted more than twice as much for a 4GB MicroSDHC flash card. I popped this into my Garmin and the maps installed quickly and easily. The product didn't work at all. I bought it to use with my phone and neither my phone or computer will even recognize the card when plugged in. I tried to contact the seller to return it twice, but got no response. Be careful when buying SD cards online, especially large ones, and definitely don't buy from this seller (nomi1234). I bought this item for my Samsung Galaxy S4 and less than three months after having it, it completely died! Nothing recognizes it. My phone doesn't think it's there, and when I put it into a computer to try and see the contents, nothing. I have lost so many pictures because of this horrid piece of junk. I am so disappointed. Please, heed the warnings. Ignore that this is fulfilled by Amazon and ignore that it's by Kingston. The memory card I received was 100% fake. As the title states, this micro SD should allow 16GB of storage space. However, they have a false threshold number that makes it appear that there is 16GB (or 14GB or so usable space). However, the actual about of storage space is actually only a mere 2.1GB. I imagine that the only reason this has the high star rating that it does is because most people have no idea how to check, or even think to check, if they're being ripped off. I repeat - do not buy unless you enjoy getting ripped off. I purchased this product for use with my Samsung Galaxy S3 and after a few months of use it stopped being recognized by my phone. I thought about downloading a sdcard repair program but I can't even get my computer to recognize the card. Waste of money again; not a product built for the long run. After reading that some micro SDHC cards aren't compatible with the Barnes & Noble Nook Simple Touch, I was a bit weary of ordering this one. It worked great out of the box, and my Nook had no problem accessing and formatting the memory. WARNING! ONLY PURCHASE FLASH MEMORY FROM REPUTABLE ONLINE SELLERS LIKE AMAZON LLC. This card is sold by both Amazon, and multiple other marketplace sellers for cheaper but for a reason. If you try to save a buck and go with a market place seller then you will probably regret it. ALWAYS avoid said "Bulk packing". That is a FAKE product, PERIOD! After visiting the official Kingston website for this card you will see that Amazon is a "preferred online partner" for the sale of this card. That absolutely DOES NOT include marketplace sellers. I can't stress enough the caution required to buy genuine flash memory. So please remember, only buy flash memory sold by AMAZON LLC. You will be able to see who is selling easily. Anyways, onto the review. I bought this for my HTC Flyer. Imediately after opening I ran a benchmark test using CrystalDiskMark and everything came out clear with true class 4 speed (4mb/s) a tested capacity of 7.4GB. I plugged it into my HTC Flyer and have noticed a huge increase in the speed of data transfer. (Upgraded from 2GB class 2) Otherwise I expect this card to perform admirably and I just ask that people be more careful in their online purchases. I bought the card with the hope to use it as a dual use type of device. Where, I will run the RaspberryPi and if needed will transport it on my android device. In terms of storage and compatibility, the card performed as expected. It booted Raspbian and I could also take pictures with my phone. GREAT. However, after exactly 6 times, where the micro SD was removed to be placed on the phone and back into the adapter for the Pi. The card was not being read at all, and I made sure not to jam the micro card or place it incorrectly. Therein, I eliminate any operation error. After careful inspection I found out that the SDadapter had slightly shifted open. Which is caused by the use CHEAP plastic and bad tolerances. With this shift, the adapter pins could not make proper contact with the microSD card and therefore it didn't worked. Now, I am using a competitor brand adapter and the microSD card still works well. Although I live in constant fear of a sudden malfunction and loose of all my data, specially the one originated from the RaspberryPi. Will update in regards of the performance of the microSD card. I bought this back in August of 2011 and it stopped working in December. It was unable to be read by my phone during startup and causing the phone to freeze. I would not purchase from this company again. Had this in my Samsung Focus with Windows Phone 7 and it worked flawlessly until the NoDo update. After that, the phone could not sync via the USB cable. Testing confirmed the problem to be this card and the new OS update. Phone worked fine with no card at all and the update, worked fine with card and pre-update OS, but several tests and reinstalls confirmed the problem. I replaced this card with the class 4 32 gig from SanDisk, and it works reliably. I believe NoDo speeds up memory funcion in some way and this results in unreliable performance from this Kensington card. Further proof (and a possible saving grace) is that wireless sync still works with NoDo and this card. It's much slower than USB sync, of course, but my guess is that's why it still work. For Windows Phone 7, my suggestion is to stick with SanDisk, and pray a bit. After all, Microsoft and the phone manufacturers have only officially OKed one card (a SanDisk 8 gig) at this point anyway. We're all pirating a bit here, and that requires patience and planning. Work perfect in my Garmin Nuvi. We had to upgrade the Garmin's firmware and reboot the device, and maybe the computer, but after that it worked great! This Kingston MicroSDHC card is being used exclusively in my mp3 player (SanDisk Clip+). The mp3 player accesses, plays, and lists songs and audiobooks from this external memory as quickly if not more so than from the 2 GB built in. The price was very good, just as cheap as the competition. The MicroSD-to-SD adapter is nice to have and something many other brands don't come with. There seems to be some controversy here regarding this card. I have not performed speed tests or anything of that sort. My experience with this product has been nothing but positive. The box it came in was in line with the same professional, genuine looking packaging my countless other Kingston products arrived in. Recommended! I had this memory card last year and it worked really great.. My android phone has a 5mp camera and it lets me take about 5,000 pictures with this memory card. The only bad thing is that they do wear out after a certain amount of time and when they do, they take all the contents with it. I was not aware, but this is a common problem and when this happened to me, I had lots of pictures that were not retrievable at all. This brand is not the only one that does it, but I hear that it's one of the better ones. I personally really liked using it and it never gave me any other problems, so I ordered another one and I'm using it now again. It works great. I bought it for my BlackJack. I forgot it doesn't work on my Card Reader since it is SDHC, but it is easy to transfer stuff onto it through my phone. It works great. I haven't had any problems. I am writing this review to withdraw my negative rating for this company. It was no the fault of the company that my item came so late. It was the postal system. I finally received this on the 27th. of August. It was ordered on the 14th. I was very upset. This company was very apologetic and responded by sending a 2nd one with a gift for my inconvenience. Then the 2nd one arrived a couple of days later. The 1st one was shipped on the 15th , like the company said. It was stamped with the date on the package. So, thus it was in the mail all that time. The microcard was perfect as much as I can tell. I was so happy just to get it, so I can download my music & photos now. Thank you E-Tech for being such an upright company and doing the right thing. I am sending the 2nd one back to you this week. Now I will be happy to be doing business with you in the future. Thank You Again! Thank you to Amazon for helping in this also. Very happy with purchase. New in the retail packaging so there is about a 90% chance it's real and not counterfeit. Beware the "OEM or BULK" packaging, which usually means you have about a 80% chance the memory card is counterfeit. Counterfeit cards will still work for you but they will be much slower and less reliable. Not to confuse the issue, these memory cards are 100% real and class 4. This product works great. I have found that some computers will show this microSDHC card as write protected. One reason is the computer may not read the lock switch on the card correctly. Before believing the card is defective slide the switch into the unlock position and then place a piece of scotch tape on it. Then insert it into your laptop or desktop. That seems to solve the problem. This is a great product for anyone who has a cellphone that can use a microSDHC card. It works great on my Nokia E71 and completes the phones memory with a much larger availability of storage. I have over 200 songs on the card now and it still isn't even close to being filled. Couple of things; this is a Class 4 with a minimum transfer speed of 4.0MB/s so its not the fastest card available (Class 6's can go up to 45.0MB/s, but since microSDHC cards seem to usually be reserved for cellphones there is really not much for need the increased speed. Considering the size of the card, it seems very easy to break or lose, which is something you should keep in mind if you have never used a microSD/HC card before. However, both the plastic for the adapter and the card itself feel relatively similar and durable as some more expensive memory cards that I own from Sony or Sandisk. Other than that, I can see no real discernible difference in quality nor functionality between this and some bigger name brands. I have used a variety of Kingston products and have never been disappointed by them; they seem to be a good company that offers a range of products at hard to beat prices. I wanted something that would allow me to download pictures from my phone to my computer. I tried a usb cable but couldn't get it to work. While my Son was in for Christmas, He showed me what to order. Delivery was fast, and it was so easy to use. I'm very excited to be able transfer pictures from my phone to my computer. Great product.. I got this for my LG 800g phone, and right when i put it in, the phone automatically recognized it. The adapter it comes with also makes it easy to plug into a computer and transfer files to the phone. All in all, i definitely recommend this product, it does exactly what it says, and for the price, its a win-win situation I purchased this SD card from Amazon (from this link actually) in August 2012 for a flip type video recorder. I rarely used the videocam and in May 2013, when we (finally) got smartphones, I installed it in my Samsung Galaxy 3s android phone. I woke this morning to a "Removed SD Card / Insert SD Card" message on my phone. The SD card is dead, kaput, like it doesn't exist. When I couldn't get it to remount on the phone I put it in my laptop to see if it could be read there. Nope. It doesn't even show up as being in the drive at all. Whatever makes it work, is just gone. I'm glad my photos are backed up to Dropbox or I'd be very upset. As it is, when I buy my new SD card, I won't be getting a Kingston, I'll stick to SanDisk (my husband has an identical phone but with a 32G SanDisk SD card and has never had a problem). Bottom line. Yes it will work and perhaps I just got a bad one or something but I won't be taking a chance and will stick with what I know will work reliably for longer than six months. UPDATE: Dec 14, 2013 -- Originally I rated this a 1 star for reasons indicated in the commentary above. The original review (above) is as it was first posted and the subject only edited to reflect the word UPDATED. I contacted Kingston as suggested by their company rep below. They replaced the SD card with a new one. The updated rating of 3 reflects the fact that I had to go out of pocket for return postage. While I understand the need for the return of the item (to avoid bogus claims from people who want a free card) The postage to return it as required in a padded envelope was over 10% of the price I originally paid for the product. The postage plus the cost of the required padded envelope were amounts I didn't feel I should have to pay in order to have a product replaced under warranty. Not sure what these are listed for right now, but prices were pretty stable around 12 bucks for awhile, when I got mine to go along with a new device that was capable of taking advantage of High Capacity Micro SD cards. I wasn't looking to spend a whole lot (actually around 12-14 dollars), and was hoping to find an 8GB one. Unfortunately, they were around 20 (still a good deal if you NEED 8GB), so I went with the 4GB. My regret is not regarding the size I got, actually, it is that I didn't learn more about what "class" meant in regards to to the cards. I now know it refers to speed, more specifically transfer speed. Essentially, for the people out there not too into the technical aspects, the higher the class number (4, 6, 8, etc) the faster the transfer speed of the card. For my current purposes, it's not a big deal, and noticeably faster than the regular MicroSD cards (I had a similar device before that was almost identical, but couldn't read the HC cards, and got a new one that could, which was just about the ONLY difference between the devices). However, anyone purchasing this for a higher end digital camera, or anything that would benefit from the ability to transfer information faster, should consider getting a higher "class" card, like a 6 or 8. They are only a little bit more expensive usually, but the speed difference CAN be noticeable if your device would be helped by additional transfer speed. Sorry if I repeated myself a bit, but I wanted to be clear and stress those points. But for a general purpose MicroSDHC card, it definitely is exactly what I was hoping for. One thing to note, it DOES come with an adapter, but NOT a High Capacity adapter. This won't make a difference if you're running Windows Vista, or can hook the device (with the card inside) directly to the computer. If you don't and can't, however, you might want to look into getting a card reader that reads HC cards, or just get a different product that DOES come with a High Capacity READER (they do exist, and ARE packaged with cards...again, usually just a bit more expensive). I hope this review helps answer any questions that weren't answered by the description; they cover the things I personally wasn't sure about when I ordered. Definitely a good product, though, so don't let the block-o-text scare you off. Yay my package from Amazon arrived today, new fully sealed includes adapter and looks good. Usable capacity shows as 7.4 GB which is to be expected I guess. Not a counterfeit anyway. Tested with H2testw: 4.87 MB/s write speed and 15.4 MB/s read speed Hope this info is helpful to someone. Works fine on a Samsung Vibrant! At first I was a little worried because I've read some microSDHC cards don't work on some phones or there's a size limit. I recorded video at the highest setting and the card had no problems keeping up with the data and storing the video clip. The original Samsung Class 2 8 gig SD in my phone was faster. Writing at 6 MB/s , I can only get 4.8 MB/s tops out of this card. While 4 MB/s is the standard for Class 4, I was hoping for a little more. Other reviews were saying this was a fast card. Card worked great for 6 months but recently the card crashed and I lost some data I saved on the SD card. I was able to reformat the card ok but then this morning, it crashed again. These cards are only good for holding onto copies of data located on a real hard drive or in the cloud. Good luck with yours if you intend to buy one after reading my entry. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 5/12/2013 - An update to my previous listing. I have to commend Kingston on their Customer Service. After posting my earlier review on their 16gb MicroSD card, I received an email from Kingston stating that these cards have a LIFETIME WARRANTY. That's right, LIFETIME WARRANTY!! I called the Customer Service phone line in the email they sent me and discussed my problem with the representative on the line. They received a few bits of information from me regarding my Amazon purchase and gave me an RMA address to send my faulty 16gb MicroSD card and SD Card adapter. In a few days later, I received a brand new package with a 16gb MicroSD card and SD Card adapter. Now that is what I call service!! A company who stands by their product deserves an opportunity in the marketplace. Tnanks Kingston!!! A perfect little micro SD and SD adapter for all your general needs in electronic media. I used this product for my camera and phone and it did excellently in holding all my songs and pictures. The price is even greater as time goes by. Value: 5/5 Pricing: 5/5 Quality: 5/5 Holding an armada of songs and pictures: 100/5 I purchased two, one for my DroidX and one for my G-Tablet. This card performs well in both devices and adds lots of additional storage space. Incredibly easy to use as my laptop directly supports the adapter, so I can easily transfer files directly to the card. If I find a car stereo that supports this card. I will buy another one. I have used the microSD card with 4 of my different cell phones. It worked in all of them without a problem. The adapter is very useful for transferring pictures or videos I took onto my laptop. Bought two of these, and they worked fine. They're Class 4 but no slouch because I'm using it in a Blackberry to store media and backups occasionally, not a camera. Bought them during a sale. This was great for a month. It then suddenly and unexplainably started failing. It wouldn't mount, and smelled funny. I asked for a refund, and no reply. It wasn't exposed to water or ESD. Read speeds: 20MB/s or higher Write speeds: 5-6MB/s Device: Rooted Barnes&Noble NookColor OS: CM-7-05252011 nightly build. Comments: Good value for the price, would purchase again! This is the 2nd one of these I've purchased. I've Used both in my Roku Boxes. I have The Roku 2 XS, & The New Roku 3. Both Cards Were Found & Formatted By The Roku's With Zero Problems. excellent quality but buyer beware....its not obvious until the package arrives that this flash card is not only Micro-SD but the HC format I was trying to avoid...so be careful if what you plan to use it in is something that can't handle the HC format....not worth the expense of returning of course I tried it once, and I could not get it to record, nor could I get it to format correctly. Might be me, will try again, I have used Kingston products before and didn't have problems, Maybe something has changed, but my class 4 micro SD card came in a sealed package with the Kingston logo. I was hesitant after some of the other reviews, and figured I could always return it if it did not look right, but it looks just like a card the I would buy in a store. i haven not had a problem with the order, got it early and everything.. not a single issue with it or anything however it did not come with the adapter. Shipment was fulfilled by MEMORY 4 LESS, came four days after I ordered it. Came all the way from New York, and I live in Washington State! Came in it's sealed packaging- I read reviews after I ordered and was worried I would get the Samsung adapter like other customers did, but thankfully both the card and adapter were both Kingston and in the package, I am going to put up photos for you to see! If you get this, buy from MEMORY 4 LESS, they have all 5 start reviews! but it is like only 25, lol :) P.S. The shipping was free when I ordered it, but then the mail lady came to the door saying the package calls for 46 cents postage. So I am guessing they did not pay it? I don't know why, but oh well, I was not bothered :) P.P.S. DON'T Worry! I'm a real person too! :P I am just feeling really perfectionist about my spelling, grammar, and punctuation today :P I bought this in November, tested it, and then forgot about it. Six month later I went to use it, and it's completely dead. Total waste of money. Bought 2 in March 2013. One went bad within a couple of months, the other within 4 months. And I did get them directly from Amazon. I usually have found Kingston products to be good, but I definitely won't be buying these again. UPDATE #1 : I am pleased to report that I spoke with a representative at Kingston who was more than happy to help me with the issue and a fix is in process. I will send an update once the issue is resolved. I have never had any trouble with a Kingston product so I purchased this for my android phone. After about 6 months of use, all data disappeared and the phone no longer recognized the card. I was told by my phone provider to format the card using my computer and replace the files. I had to do that on several occasions since the card kept becoming unreadable on my phone. Now the card is completely dead and can not be read by my phone. In addition, the card is no longer recognized by my computer. This was a disappointment for I have several SD cards that have lasted for years without any issues. This is the first one to die on me and in such a short period. I don't usually take the time to write reviews but felt I owed to my fellow Amazon shoppers. If you use reviews like I do to make buying decisions then you owe it to your fellow shoppers to review your own purchases. Picked up one of these cards for a new android tablet and it works great. Speedy write speeds and tons of space to store my pictures, music and movies. This way I can use the tablet's memory space for applications only. Great price on the card and it came with a full size adapter so you can slip it into your PC and load it up with all your files. Incredible that a tiny micro card the size of a pinky nail can store 16GB of data! Make sure you check the "class" of the card as this relates directly to the write speeds of the card. Class 4 is plenty fast. Very happy with my purchase and of course with Amazon Prime I got it delivered in 2 days! I used this card in a mobile phone for picture storage. This card seemed to work good for awhile then it needed to be re-formatted a few times and I kept losing pictures that I couldn't access to download them. I was continually getting an corruption error on my phone for the card. Finally today it completely stopped working. I've never had this happen with any flash card. My phone had a notification there was no SD card installed and to insert an SD card. I removed and re-inserted the card several times without any recognition from the phone. I took it out of the phone and also tried accessing the card on my desktop several times without recognition either. So it cannot be found and more pictures are lost. I'm sure this card just encountered a rare problem just like any good product, most of them work, but sometimes a couple don't. The day before this flash memory card arrived in the mail, dark clouds covered my mind and life seemed bleak and gray. Only after I plugged the microSH card into my phone did I see beams of hope and sunlight break through the darkness. Since then, I've been completely and unfailingly happy. Everyone around me has become happier as a result. I got not just one raise at work, but three. Inspired by the SD card, I wrote a best selling romance novella in a language I don't even speak. I won the lotto, but felt so complete as a person that I gave the winning ticket to a stray dog, who immediately ate it and pooped out a rainbow. This is actually the last SD card that I will ever need as I have transcended all Earthly desires. Of course, it works fantastically in my Galaxy S2. No issues as it simply holds the data I tell it to. I purchased this card for its capacity and not-so-aggressive speed grade. It does work well with Tmobile mytouch smartphone. The SD card has to be formatted through SD apps on mytouch before usage. The SD can't be recognized sometimes when phone power off and on. Based on the customer experience search online, some complained the problematic mytouch 3.5mm SD interface and some complained the low quality SD card. I had a Kingston 2GB (class ?) SD working perfectly with same phone before swapping. The phone SD circuitry may rely on an precise speed grade as told by the card. This 8GB, class-4 SD card may have a design issue during power-up period. Tempoary solution: After phone started and ready to operate, you can unmount and mount the card manually. As long as the phone reamined on, the SD card will work normally. My mom and I had just purchased new smart phones because we had a contract renewal discount, plus a 2-for-1 deal. Worked great, loved the new phone, for both work and personal, when it stopped retaining saved information on the free 8GB SD card! The company of course gave us the runaround, issued us new phones(that had the same problem), and customer service said they had no idea. I finally found my answer in the customer review forum. The problem was either a continuous bad batch of SD's, or that the class 2 cards were too slow for the phone! So, rather than wait 4 weeks for a new SD from costomer service( which was still class 2!) I went to Amazon, and got 2 new, CLASS 4, 8GB SD's for under $30, and in 2 shipping days. Much better soulution, and my phone now works like a dream! I bought the Kingston 8GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card specifically to be used in my newly acquired Sandisk Fuze mp3 player SanDisk Sansa Fuze 4 GB Video MP3 Player (Black) As flash memory prices continue to drift downwards in price, I could not resist the urge to triple my Sandisk Fuze memory from 4GB to 12GB by the addition of this 8GB card. The difference in price between purchasing a 4GB Fuze or an 8GB Fuze is at the time of this review about $15. This card cost just a little bit more than that so it was really a no-brainer and gave me a lot of memory for not a lot of money. Installation was as easy as could be. I inserted the card, turned on the player to ensure that it was recognized. I now have ample storage for lots of tunes on my Fuze and I could not be happier. Never had a DOA product from Kingston before, but this one was dead dead dead. Tried it with my Mac, tried it with three different readers with two versions of Windows, tried it in a Unix-based image capture system. If it cost more than ten bucks, I might go to the trouble of the return process. I am confident that Kingston would exchange it for me, but it will cost me less to buy another one online or run into a local store at lunch time. I bet that if I bought another one it would work just fine, but this one was a disappointment. UPDATE: I did eventually get it to work, but only with my Mac. I needed to buy a new (updated) SD card reader. Windows XP would not work with the newer style reader. I suspect that all would be well with Windows 7 Somewhere I've read a comment that the recipient thought these are Chinese knock-off's, but I'm not convinced that this is a valid argument (what electronic item isn't made in China/Japan/Korea?). Note that they are clearly marked as "Class 4" (their speed rating), and I do not have an application to confirm it. However, being an Amazon sold-by product, I'm willing to accept that Amazon wouldn't risk their reputation on such a minimal product (meaning I don't think they would risk so much selling knock-off's, which has serious legal ramifications). They work great enough for me that after my first puchase of 5, I ordered 2 more. 'Nuff? Your milage may vary. ;-) I have it on my Nexus One, for almost a year now. My feel to it is complicated. Pros: Big storage, Relative low price Cons: VERY SLOW. The Nexus One came with a Sandisk 2G Class 2 SD card. When connect the phone to computer and copy file to the SD card, I usually got 2~3 MB/s. Using the same way, this Kingston 16G CLASS 4 can only get 1.5MB/s, sometimes even less than 1MB/s. I did not try using a SD card reader, and it is not quite practical to use a SD reader for my routine, because for Nexus One, I have to take out the battery to take out the SD card, that's too much trouble. After such long suffering, I finally decide to look for another faster microSD as replacement. I've always had great experience with Kingston but, sadly, not this time. I bought this for my new smartphone and it worked fine until about three weeks ago. I tried to use it one morning and the phone would not run anything. Did some investigating and discovered the card was not recognizable anymore. I could not even see it with a PC card reader so I knew it was fried. Not giving it only one star because Kingston memory has normally been great for my needs, just upset that I lost almost 16GB of apps, music, and pictures. Lesson's Learned - backup your smartphone! I'm using SanDisk memory now which is working well. Taking no chances though. Bought this to use with a Samsung Galaxy 5.0 and it works perfectly, the included adapter makes it much quicker to transfer videos and music to the card than going through the device. As with all memory, this card comes in formatted at around 14.5 gb so take that into account when you purchase it. The class 4 card works well in the device and movies/music/pictures play and load without a problem. This card has been in use for about 2 months and it has been written on many times but still works like new. If you're looking for a 16gb Micro SD card for a great price that's very reliable definitely consider this one. Hope it helps! The price for the amount of storage is great. When it works, the card is exactly what I wanted. However, the card failed in around 6 months and I had to jump through hoops to get Kingston to agree to let me send it back to them at my expense for them to take a look at it to see if it was my fault or theirs. Seeing as how it was relatively cheap (both in cost and manufacture), I didn't bother. I'll get a new card from someone else and avoid Kingston from here forward. Bear in mind that an old 2GB card I had from an old phone has been working for several years and now holds the music for my current phone that the Kingston card failed in. Workes great in my Sprint Instinct, and my HTC Touch Pro, as well as the Blackberry Curve I had before. I bought this memory card for my Samsung solstice (model SGH-887). At first I was thinking of the price and size of the cheaper and less space memory cards. After I came across this 8GB microsdhc I had to buy it for the price who could possible let if go. At first I thought 8GB was way too much for a phone but what can more memory possible do to me. Once I plug in the memory card in to my phone it automatically sees the full 8GB (or 7,7699,976). I also don't have to formatting the memory card, just plug it in and its really to go. The writing & searching speed on my Solstice is fast with no waiting time. I have around 40 years as a systems engineer, and have been a loyal Kingston customer with ZERO complaints. There has not been ONE SINGLE instance wher a failure was anything other than user error, or failure dure to other hardware malfunctions, and early on I invested in the instrumentation to properly diagnose and verify memory issues, so I actually DO know what I am talking about. I have been involved in electronics since the 60's, so I've seen it all, and Kingston quality control has been spot-on...btw, no, I don't work for Kingston...just an old, gray haired, pierced and tattooed geek biker dude.. I would not recommend this product as it stopped working in my phone after a month. I used the card to store videos and pictures, and after about a month and a hundred pictures later, the memory card stopped working. If you're planning on having a memory card to store pictures, I wouldn't recommend this one since there is a high chance that you might lose all data. Personally, I would recommend purchasing a different brand or maybe even from a different vendor. Don't let the attractive price be the reason you choose an inferior product over a memory card that is worth the money and won't crash. The package came and was intact and on time, however the SD Adapter did not work. I really only got this for the micro card, but it was a bummer that the other half of the product was defunct, I would have liked to use it with my camera, too. I tried using another adapter and that one worked with my device and through exchanging cards and adapters with another person, found out the issue was with the adapter and not with the card. I am using the card for my phone and haven't had any issues with it, so at least I feel like I got my money's worth. But, I will not be buying from this seller again. Purchased four of these memory cards. The price was great and they work well. Purchased a couple of under $10 keychain (808) cameras on eBay and these memory cards work great. The keychain cameras take still photos and videos. The photos don't look especially good but that's the fault/quality of the keychain cameras. The videos look very good with the keychain cameras but not as good as a video camera. I use the cameras in surveillance and RC airplanes/cars. Also use the memory cards with my Zoom H1 and it works great with it too. I have no problems with these Class 4 cards. The Samsung Focus cell phone provides access to a micro SD slot that allows you to increase the storage capabilities of the device. When you read articles or blogs about people's adventures in actually using this memory slot on the phone, you begin to realize that it can be an exercise in frustration. I bought this memory card specifically for use in my phone and it has worked flawlessly from day 1. It was recognized by my phone immediately and there isn't a noticeable performance change (good or bad) from having this card inserted into my phone. I got the memory card in a timely manner and it had all of the available space it said. It was in new packaging and fit my bb curve. The only problem is after I put on like 3 cds worth of music it started making my phone ultra slow. Even if I turn off the mass media storage so that the card is just in the phone and not being used it causes problems. Its sort of a pain when your phone is loading when you just try to read a text message, I might just take the card out and put it in only when I want to listen to music or take pictures! I bought this memory card - with my fingers crossed - for my blackberry pearl 8130. I couln't find any straight answer for blackberry memory card compatibility so i thook a shot on this one. My phone seemed to recognize it the moment I inserted it but for good measure I took my Berry off and removed the battery to reset the phone. My phone read a total card space of 3.6 gigs but I'm not complaining because 4 gigs is more than enough any way. This is an amazing price for nearly 4 gigs of storage. Highly recommended. Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class Flash Memory Card is a great product. I bought it to use on my Blackberry Bold mobile phone. I was afraid of buying such memory cards from other places because I heard about counterfeit products in the market and depended heavily on Amazon.com to get the original product. I started using the card right away and 'til now it's working perfectly. It was competitively priced and was delivered fast as I expected. Buying products from Amazon.com has always been a good experience to me. The card I received was just as described and pictured. It was in retail package and seems 100% legit. I'm not sure what the other reviewers received, but I'm wondering if they got it from Amazon.com or a partner (I used Amazon). Anyway, the card in my Droid X gave up (seems to be a common problem), so I got this. The retail packaging says this is class 4 and the original was only class 2, so good for me. This was so much cheaper than Best Buy that I took a chance and it all worked out great. Thanks, Amazon. It worked fine for the first month or so. It was less than advertised in capacity (29 instead of 32). It officially went dark 3 days after Amazon's return policy expired....which I am sure is just some strange coincidence. I cannot recommend this product. A hundred people or more have gotten fakes off Amazon. I bought an 8g card and its been fine for several years, but this one was garbage. If anyone has a good 32g card/brand, I'd love to hear about it. Thanks. This product is absolute garbage. I had it for less than two month and it became corrupt. I put it in my phone, and left it there, so it wasn't like I was pulling it out and some how damaged it. Also, the reader is junk too. The first time I even tried having it read a disk (I tried with a disk that wasn't corrupt) it didn't read anything. My computer didn't even realize anything was inserted. If you want something that only lasts for 2 months and then takes everything with it when it dies, then buy this. When I got this memory card I was excited to get more space. Unfortunately it sucks. When I started transferring apps and pictures and music onto it, it started messing up. It would delete my pictures. and it wouldn't put the songs on it right. And if it did put songs on it, it would skip all the time. And when I put apps on it, my apps would stop working. The seller is sending me a replacement, so hopefully the new one that comes in works better than the one I have now. Good luck on what you receive. I've been using Kingston storage products for probably 20 years and I have always been impressed with the quality, so I didn't think twice about purchasing this microSD card. It has worked in my BlackBerry for 18 months and then... suddenly... it died. It's a good thing I make backup files. I believe the card was a good value for the price, and I will continue to buy Kingston products and continue to recommend Kingston products to others. Just remember to BACKUP YOUR DATA! I purchased this memory based on the price. It really was just that simple. I already knew the Kingston name and have purchased their products in the past finding them to stand up to use and provide few issues. This memory is being used in my boy's tablets to store movies we have purchased and other items. The Micro adapter was a bonus to me to be able to work back and forth between the tablets and my laptop. Really a great deal as I paid very little for it. So much so I bought two. Died after 2 months and I lost all my data. Amazon doesn't handle the warranty so I have to contact the manuf. Usually Kingston is good but wondering if this is a knock off. "Update" warranty from Kingston, received new item from them in May. Yesterday Aug 10(3 months later) replacement item died again and I lost everything again. This can't be a counterfit as I received it directly from Kingston. Had good luck with Kingston in the past but won't buy their SD cards again. This memory chip destroyed every device it was plugged into rendering them unable to read any microSDHC flash memory card. Even devices and that previously worked fine would no longer work with any memory card. When other cards were plugged into these devices they also ceased to function in any other device. It has now cost me quite a lot of money replacing these items. I have never experienced anything like this from any other product and from any other manufacturer. What can you say about a flash card? I use it heavily and it always works reliably. I record HD video to it and the recorder never drops a frame so the speed is excellent for at least my use. Video recording is constant so this card is being written to 24/7 without a glitch. The recorder deletes old files to make space when it is full so the cycle is constant write/delete/write/delete without any failures at all. You can buy Kingston with confidence. After the microSD card that came with my phone malfunctioned, I purchased this as a replacement. I was very pleased with the pricing and packaging. My phone, an HTC Magic/T-Mobile myTouch 3G, recognized the card and I've had no problems saving music, photos, or documents to the card. My laptop reads the card when my phone is connected via USB and it's easy to move items to and from the card to the computer. I definitely recommend this for usability and value. I ordered this product in early September of 2012, and have only been using it within my Samsung Galaxy S3. Late last month the SD card began sporatically mounting and unmounting, which led me to take it out of my phone in order to back the card up (I had a hunch that something was awry). Upon beginning the file copy process, the SD card died, causing me to lose my files. It is a great price, but I wouldn't buy another one just to see it break within a year. This was exactly what I needed for my cell phone. I wanted something that could hold plenty of pictures and would not loose them. The great thing is the sd adapter. I can put the micro in the adapter and slide into my laptop or printing computer at walmart. After 2 years of use it is still working great and have not lost any pictures. With being a 16gb size it will take a long time to fill up. Kingston makes great products and I would buy again. Purchased two of these for my parents Samsung galaxy stellar phones. One would not read after only two months and the other failed after six. All pictures and videos lost. Will not even pull up on a pc, just acts like nothing is there. I have herd these are counterfeit from a Chinese company so be wary. I have a samsung card in my blackberry that has worked for over two years without an issue, I will not buy anything with kingston on it again. This sdcard was very slow from day one. When i would attempt to transfer music to my sdcard for phone, the process would always take way too long. Even when i would try to remove photos and music to leave adequate space on the sdcard the process would still take entirely too long. After about three months it was corrupted. I tried to erase it and star over and that did not work. Ive heard that the sandisk brand is much more efficient. Got this for my LG Rumor Touch. Stuck it in and it worked. 8gb and class 4, don't really need anything else. Able to put the music that I listen to and movies that I want to watch in it and still have space for other things. Only nitpick is that it doesn't work in my card reader since mine doesn't support SDHC. So I have to connect it with my phone and moving files seem to take longer than through the card reader. But it works. It's annoying. The adapter was what sold me on this one, but if you want to move date from your computer to the micro sd card, it won't let you. It has this little switch on the side that locks the card, and when you put in it, the switch flips. I can get it working for short periods by taping it down, but I shouldn't have to. That's kinda the whole reason I wanted one. The micro sd card works fine in my other devices, though. Purchased this card in Nov of last year,had lots of problems with images freezing and unable to view, thought problem was with my phone. one day phone informed me card had been unexpectedly removed,it hadn't,replaced phone same problem.investigate returning defective product, no joy, not at all happy ???? Question using amazon for these purchases my new card came from a store where it can easily be returned. WATCHOUT!!!!! Well, this is a hard lesson in reading the reviews. A lot of people are happy with this card, but also several have the same issue of it corrupting and deleting every file put onto it. Mine sadly was the bad category. It came it the retail packaging and had fair transfer speeds. But after a day of file transfers I happened to notice that everything was corrupted. Save yourself the headache and time, go get a Sandisk. I bought the card and used it in an HTC EVO 4G. It worked flawlessly from March 2011 until July 1, 2011. At that point it stopped being read by the device intermittently. Luckily my data had been backed up recently so I only lost a few pictures. I don't know if the other reviews about the card being bogus are true or not. Maybe I just got a bad one. All I do know is the card didn't last me very long at all. I used other brands of microSD cards in my Blackberry and this one seems to perform significantly better. I used my BB as an MP3 player, so needless to say, I use it all the time. I like the way this card performs and so far, flawless in its use for over a week. If I have any issues, I'll update my review, however when it comes to flash-card memory like this, I dont anticipate any problems. A+ product by Kingston! The item came defective. Contacted seller multiple times. Seller refused to pay return shipping on defective product. Sent item back , at my expense, per sellers insistence/ instruction. Seller still refused to refund me and accused me of not returning item. I contacted Amazon several times and they filed a clam against seller. Amazon instructed seller to refund me or they would no longer do business with them. Using it for only 2 months in my old Galaxy phone. One day the pad alerts showing the sd card corrupted. Could not format or retreive the data. I have switched from Samsung Galaxy S2 to Iphone 5s, so not all the data are transferred to my Iphone. I used this SD card to backup all the phone data. Was too lazy to get the data into my computer, without realizing the SD card would fail so fast. C'mon it's memory chip and it works. I bought for a dashboard camera because it was recommended for that device. Users said that a class 4 chip worked best. Unfortunately, the camera was a piece of junk and I returned. I bought a different camera the works great, but the new camera requires a class 6 or higher chip to record in full HD. The chip works, but pay attention to the class. I have actually bought two now. My husband has one and I got one for myself because it worked well in his phone. I have an HTC Vivid and this works well in my phone. Further, when I found I did not have a card in my camera, it was easy to take the micro SD out of the phone, put it in the adapter, and then put it in my camera. Totally saved the day! Very happy with this product. Mine was indicating class 10, I should have been suspicious. Writing speed is terrible, devices do not even recognize this card properly. I have nothing but problems. I bought two of these and wasted 34 dollars. As many reviewers already mentioned, there are tons of fake cards everywhere. So just be aware if price is too good to be true and buy from a reputable seller. I have received my order a few days ago. Maybe like three days ago and now I just decide to use it for my phone. But theres issues with the little memory card because it is not reading anything on the micro SD card. It is not working for my phone and I would like to receive the right one for my phone. The phone that I have is the Samsung Galaxy Attain 4g for Metro PCS. When my basic flip phone died, a friend donated a Samsung Intensity II, but she needed her flash card for her new smartphone. I got this flash card to replace it and have had no trouble with it. I've used various Kingston products for years and have never had a problem. I'm sure this flash card would work in my Droid, my digital camera, and my pc as well. I immediately upgraded the card on my Virgin Mobile LG Optimus V (VM670), and this works perfectly. It also works in my Virgin Mobile LG Rumor2. When connected to my computer, via the SD adapter, it's faster than many of my other similarly-priced cards. I'm quite pleased with this Kingston brand MicroSDHC, and the speeds are definitely within the Class 4 spectrum. I got the Kingston 4GB microSDHC. I have the Nokia E63 phone. It works. No problems at all. I can transfer files easily now. Works when I transfer between my Gateway PC running Windows Vista and also my ASUS EEE PC 1000H netbook to/from my Nokia E63. The only thing I'm mad about is the fact that it is sometimes cheaper on Amazon than what I bought it for ($11.57). It is a generic, commodity item. Nothing special there but it is just what it says it is. The extra stars are for Kingston -- the company. I have had a couple of occasions to use their warranty. A lot of stuff of theirs has come with a lifetime warranty. Good service and never an argument. Throw in very competitive pricing and that a winner for me. Another win by Kingston Digital. I put this sucker into my phone after my 32gb from... I can't remember the company's name... anyway, my other 32gb failed on me, and this piece of sexy data storage was a great replacement. Enough space for music and even more to take pictures of freaking kittens and put them onto instagram for the ladies. Ladies love kittens. Exactly 13 months after purchase, while only being used to store music inside a phone, suddenly died with total loss of data. There wasn't really much writing done to it, all once loaded, then playback only. I have SD card in my camera that lasted over three years of constant writing to them, kinda expect this one to last longer being from a respected vendor. Worked great in my phone for about 2 weeks then all of a sudden my phone started to restart every few hours on its own. By the time I figured out what the problem was it was trying to restart every few minutes. Not sure what happened but I guess for the price I should have known it was a waste. Some things you do need to go for QUALITY.... - Wendy I don't know if it was fake or defective, but it was a disaster to use, and caused the loss of some good ride footage. Plus a lot of unneeded stress in figuring out what the problem was. I bought this with a Midland XTC cam, so I wasn't sure which was causing the problem. Returned this card and bought a Transend class 6. It works like a dream so far. I bought this for my galaxy s3. the phone comes with 16gb and having this 16gb cards helps me with storing my music and pictures. I bought this card to use in an MP3 player/speaker that I own, and it works just fine for that. But ... when I opened it up and put it into the adapter and plugged it in to my Mac, I tried to place my music on it and couldn't. Checking info showed it was set to "Read Only." It wasn't a matter of the moveable tab on the adapter - it wasn't set in the locked position, and just to be sure it wasn't the adapter I tried another microSD card in it and that one worked fine. So, it was something with the original factory settings and I couldn't adjust it that way. A bit of searching on the internet led me to some people who suggested that some microSD cards can't be read except by digital devices. So what I ended up doing was plugging it into a camcorder I have, that uses microSD, and reformatting it from there. That worked fine, and after that I could plug it into the Adapter and plug it into my Mac and load music on it just fine. It's not a bad workaround, but kind of a pain that I had to figure it out that way. I can imagine I'd be really frustrated if I didn't own a device that could format it independently. I don't understand why it doesn't come formatted as read/write capable from the get go. Every other microSD card I've owned has worked fine right out of the package. Not bad so far. Everything is working fine. However, It says its 16 GB, but my phone says its overall memory is about 14 GB... Kinda odd... I wasn't expecting that. No big deal, but it would have been nice to be warned. A working (Original Retail Packaged) 16 gb Micro SD Card for $8.97. Can't really complain huh? Great buy, this would cost atleast $15 - $20 anywhere else. Fits everywhere! Including mobile phones thanks to the SD adapter the micro SD comes with. The adapter allows it to be used in digital cameras and computers. I bought this to put in my Sigma DP2s compact DSLR, and it works fine. It is a tiny bit slower than my Class 2 Sandisk MicroSDHC, but both write at roughly 5.2 MB/second. The Class 4 spec says that this card should be able to write at 4 MB/second and it exceeds that by 25%, so I can't complain. You can find my speed tests at infrared dot tk. Since i got it, i never took a picture, i put some songs from my laptop on it and that worked. But just today i took a picture and it keeps saying an error happened when it tried to save it. And every single time i tried after that, it wasn't happening. I took it out and retried it but sill nothing. It's a big waste of money if you ask me >.< The 8gb microSD card is great for upgrading your smartphone storage to hold more music and pictures. The adapter that the microSD card comes with increases the versatility of the card so that you are able use it in both your digital camera or in your computer. Additionally, you won't be able to find a microSD or SD card this cheap anywhere! I also had great success using this card with a Samsung Focus. No hangs or other problems at all. Just bucket-loads of storage. You'll have to restore your phone to its original (out-of-the-box) settings in order to add the card, which means you lose all of your customizations, but that's a WinPhone7 issue, not an issue with the card. Before it died the 16GB card was fine - no complaints. However, for no reason after 10 months one of the cards I had in my Samsung Galaxy S3 completely died and is non responsive. Popping the card into a PC yields that the card does not even register. I have never had a sd card just up and fail for no reason. Very disappointed. Purchased April 8, 2011 for HTC EVO 4g phone. Worked fine for 7 mo. then went bad. EVO said NO SD card inserted. Tried reading in PC and was able to test and format but then nothing. PC won't read or test it after that. Tried it in different PC but still nothing. Dead at 7 mo. Defective SD card was replaced by Kingston. I bought two of this Flash Card for both my boyfriend and I. I use the SD Card for my cell phone and his for his camera. We both love the SD card, especially with the adapter. It's 16GB! I love taking pictures all the time and now we never need to worry there will be not enough space with the SD card in place. 5 stars of-course! when i put this card in my computer to put stuff on it, it just said that it was write protected so i switched the lock button and it still didn't work. I tried a few times and it wouldn't let me put anything on the card because it was write protected. Then I tried a different sd card adapter that I had and that finally worked. This is very inexpensive compared to national big-box stores or other retail places. Works perfectly to increase the available memory on my Iconia A100 tablet with 8 MB. Why pay extra for higher inside storage? The device recognizes the Micro SD seamlessly and I put all of my e-books and music on it. Arrived very quickly. Quality name brand microSD card with decent storage for a low price, Class 4 means you will get higher write and read speeds. Although speed boosts are marginal I still feel better about buying the better quality one at the time, now they have class 8 I believe. I would have bought two if I wasn't a broke college student. Use this on my Galaxy 3 phone. I use the phone and card to carry the usual pics, music and phone recorded videos. I also use the phone for working out, so I have both the P90X and Insanity videos loaded on the card and all videos run perfectly. Yes I would recommend this card as it has served me flawlessly. I bought two of these cards for my wifes phone and mine. Works fast when saving Pics or apps to the memory card. For the price you cant beat it since on my DriodPro its only a 5MP camera even on the highest settings and an empty card I can take over 5000 pics. so theres lots of room for Pics, Music and Apps. I probably just got unlucky but my MicroSD stopped working in my Samsung Galaxy S3. I put it in the adapter to check if its just my phone but it doesnt work on my laptop either and my old 4 gigSDCard still works which was well over 1 year old. I received a sad product that lasted less than 2 months. I purchased this SD card to replace a cheap, factory-added one in my Virgin Mobile PCD Chaser. This new one works wonderfully so far and didn't decide to die after two days like the first one. "Does what it says on the tin." The adapter is a nice touch, too. Best value among other options. I'm old enough to remember paper punch-tape as a memory device -- and the years when floppy discs were actually floppy -- so I'm easily impressed by such a tiny device being able to store 16GB and transfer at Class 4 speed. I use it to store video and audio on my LG Rumor Touch -- and it works like a charm! I received a nook (electronic book reader) as a gift (sorry, Amazon), and wanted to expand the memory, so I bought this reasonably-priced microSD. I installed it, and the nook recognized it immediately; it works fine. Should I need more capacity, I will buy a higher capacity chip from the same manufacturer. For those of you wondering if this is a fake, go to Kingston.com, select your device and and select the size you want. The Kingston web site will give you a choice of where to buy. You can then check prices at Amazon, New Egg and a couple of others. Amazon seems to have the best price on the one I wanted. Not much to be said about an SD card, as they are pretty straight-forward. It holds data flawlessly and without judgment. Trashy beach novel? Sure! Intellectual ramblings of Rhodes Scholar! That, too! It even willingly holds Instagram shots of my lunch offering without questioning its nutritional value. I got exactly what i was looking for, and if you are anything like me, you might want to invest in one, I take a lot of pictures, and download a lot of music, I am actually thinking of getting another one. I apreciate the extra thought that went through with the packaging also. No complaints from me ^_^ I bought this for my new Blackberry Curve 8830, and it worked right away, no need to format it in a computer--whew! I looked around at quite a few microSD cards online, and chose this one because it was eligible for Amazon Prime shipping. It arrived quickly, hooray! Glad I can take video now. :D I acquired this to hold maps on my Nuvi 1490 LMT. It works great and now I can hold the entire North American map set and I have plenty of space left over if I ever need to install other maps or anything. My unit's memory can now be used for its own work (installing pictures/voices, whatever). I had owned a few SanDisk MicroSD cards and my success rate with them was 50/50, sometimes they would simply stop working. This prompted me to go the Kingston route, so far I haven't been disappointed. I've loaded it with a variety of files from MP3, MP4, docs, etc. holding up great. I WENT ON VACATION WITH MY FAMILY USED THIS MEMORY ON MY CAMERA, BY THE TIME I CAME BACK FROM MY VACATION AND EXCITED TO SAVE MY PICS ON MY COMPUTER,NOTHING WERE THERE I EVEN PUT IT ON A DIFFERENT CAMERA THE SAME THING SO UPSET AND SO DISAPOINTED..DON'T REALLY KNOW WHAT HAPPEN TO IT? I was super disappointed that the SD card crashed after 2 months. First it stopped letting me download the media, and then it stopped working all together. I lost all the media stored on the device - including family vacation photos. Recommend getting a more reliable brand. Just upgraded from an Iphone to a Samsung Galaxy S4 and bought this card due to the immense amount of bloatware on the phone. This expands my phone so I have more than enough room to put multiple 1080p movies and more. I wanna utilize my new HD screen and this card lets me. Great product, arrived in the estimated time. Great product, arrived in the estimated time. Great product, arrived in the estimated time. Great product, arrived in the estimated time. Great product, arrived in the estimated time. Great product, arrived in the estimated time. I purchased this SD card to replace my tablet's as that was needed in my Wii. My tablet doesn't get a lot of heavy use, but I do occasionally watch a movie or use an app on it, and for those, you need an SD card. It came in a thick paper envelope, about the size of a small greeting card, and not padded. The packaging disappointed me at first, however that was before I saw how it was packaged inside. [...] The bubble packaging was made in such a way as to perfectly secure everything separately. I was rather impressed, as once I cut the tape holding it shut, the package opened easily, but still gave a slight snap when reclosing it. This was obviously well thought out, and will make for a great carrying case for the instructions + adapter. The SD card as well if I ever replace the card for a larger one. I'm sure anyone reading this knows the perils of dropping one of these Micro SD cards. Moving on, once inserting the SD card into my tablet, I found it came pre-formatted and completely blank. I've only had SD cards included with phones and the such, so I was half expecting some sort of bloatware that needed to be cleared, but there is none. Is there usually? I have no idea. But if you were wondering, there isn't. The SD card works great, allowing video playback and app usage just as I had hoped. I haven't had any issues with it, and I didn't really expect any. My only complaint is with the instructions. They had to do it this way due to the packaging, however the text is incredibly small. I'm talking fine print on a contract small. You can read it squinting and looking close, however it is annoying. Oh and one last thing. It includes a lifetime limited warranty. It only covers defects, but I'll take it! What can i say, how many stars do you give it if stops working? Android kept saying it's not mounted, pc couldn't read it, totally crapped out at 5 months. Lesson here though is I should have had a proper cloud/pc sync setup as those images on this card are now gone. I bought this for my Samsung Galaxy SIII and it has worked perfectly. A few days ago I bought a GoPro and transferred the memory card from my phone to the GoPro and have had it in there ever since. Still working great. What more can I say? I have no complaints. I've bought 2 of these now, they work fine for about a month, and then completely take a dive, and won't work in a computer, a phone, or anything afterwards. They're worthless when they do this, they don't work, they don't intake data, nothing. I've wasted $40. I've used this in many different phones and now in my camera. Even after yrs of use, deletions and reformatting, it's still working great! It's now going into an MP3 player and I couldn't be more happy with it's longevity. Great product and excellent build. Bought this about a year ago and put it in my Samsung Galxay Tab 2 tablet it was working at first but then I noticed that it stopped and now just says "blank sd card or has unsupported file system" I tried formatting it but that did not help. I have a Garmin GPS that required a microSDHC card to accommodate updating of the ever expanding road maps. This Kingston 4GB microSDHC proved to be equal to the task. The card fit the slot on the Garmin and the updates proceeded successfully. I bought these cards for my GPS and two android tablets. The cards are fast and the capacity is accurate. The included adapter makes it very easy to move files between my devices and my laptop computer (which has a full-size SD card reader). I have used Kingston products in the past and found them reliable and fast enough for all my needs! This was the best price that I could find on the internet and it included the SD Adapter. Great price for 16GB flash card with SD adapter. AAA+++ The Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter SDC4/16GB is very handy with a lot of different uses. We have TV, Movies & Music copied to it and others. We take it traveling use it in the car and the spots we go to. I can now store a bunch for my phone now. I use to can only have about 750 songs (plus some photos and videos) into my phone with my 8gb, but now with this 16GB I will have a lot more capacity for files, and the adapter comes in handy. I tried to get this one to work in my home computers with no success. I returned it for credit and did not try it on the Nephews mobile phone.... My Son said it was just defective. No problem getting a full refund thanks to Amazon :) I buy this card to use with my Nokia N8 and I can't save nothing on it, all files that I try to copy are corrupted and broken in just a moment. Anyone who need memory card with high speed read/write this is not for you!!!Do not buy!!! I purchased three of these to use in remote trail cameras. Two had been perfect with no problems. The third unit has something wrong in that we are unable to delete or format the card. When it fills up...it's a throw away. I bought this for my Nintendo DSi and can't believe how cheap it is! I love buying Kingston memory cards since they've proven to be fast, reliable, and a fantastic value. This card is nothing less and I'm very happy with it. It only works a few times then it quits., It gains heat when I first get it, after a few times I used it, then it won't read by any of my computers. I tried to return but Amazon screen shows that it past the return period. Bought this new/sealed 5 months ago. It is now nonworking. It won't format, it won't be read. It's done nothing but sit in my Samsung Galaxy S3 since December with an Otterbox Defender case on it. NO excuse for this junk. I purchased this card for a Samsung HMX-w190 HD camcorder. It handles the HD video perfectly without incident. I will be picking up a few more of these cards for other uses (and as backups) Very pleased with this card. I ordered this for my MP3 player because I like to play my audio books. It's a great item for that, and the best price I could find. I don't really need the card holder, but I guess the chip is too small to ship alone. I am using 2 of these microSDHC cards for my Samsung Galaxy Note Tablet, to expand it to 32 GB, and my Samsung Galaxy S4 as well. Love it! No compatibility issues, does what it is supposed to...expand my memory. I received the this microSDHC card on time. that was a good service as they promised. also the memory card is in good condition as it is new. I was expecting a new one, and received the item as new. good service. I purchased 2 of these, one for a lg vortex and it worked great no problems, and one for a android global but the android had continuous problems recognizing it. had to purchase another brand for the android. This is a good quality 8gb microSD card, and works as one would expect. I think at the time of purchase, the 8gb card was actually a few cents cheaper than the 4gb card, which is odd, but these things happen. This card is AMAZING!!! It holds everything from classified documents to copious quantities of pr0n! I've never witnessed anything like this in my entire life. Well, except for the last micro SD card I had. Complete failure...lost all my media on this card. I do not take the card out nor use the adapter. First and last time I buy Kingston. Sandisk might be a little more expensive but it doesn't let you down. What more can you say? It fits and holds data just fine. And, the company making it has been in the game for a while. (Most people would probably give it 5 stars, but how can you say you "love" a flashcard?) I purchased the Kingston 16gb micro sd for my cell phone back in November 2012. It was working fine since till today April 23, 2013. It crashed and it would not be recognized or read by the phone or laptop. This card only lasted three weeks. I placed it in a Logitech Alert security camera system that probably captures four gig a day. Amazon has a great return policy and took care of this dude of a product. This works great to transfer my start up images and other items to my AVIC. It's got plenty of space and Kingston is high quality. I had originally purchased one of these for my Blackberry years ago. There's not much to say I've used kingstons before and sandisks I have found them equal in all regards. This came quickly and worked no problem, 16 gigs on the tablet in 10 seconds or less! great buy. They say 32GB and sell for around the same price but they truly only hold 4GB. Probably the worst financial decision i've ever made. Gotta love being scammed by a terrible excuse for a company. Its a memory card, it works and has plenty of space. I got it for my wife to use in her car. She loads up her music and I bought a rally small USB holder to plug into the car. Works like a charm. I did the Kingston Technonlogy 1 minute product verification and the MicroSD is 100% authentic. Bought from the seller Amazon. The microsd is the cheapest here on Amazon. Overall very satisfied. Using this in a blackberry to listen to music though I also store some photos on it. Maybe not the fastest card in town, but fast enough so that there is no big delay in saving a large file. This card has lots of volume. You can shoot long sots without stopping to transfer data. Be warned that shooting long video segments take power. Have a box of 4 charged batteries with you. Came through the mail earlier this week. earlier today it stopped working. Go buy somewhere else. Also I generally don't write reviews, so just writing this tells you how disappointed I'm I am learning slowly to use the phone and this micro card works great. Have misplaces the SD adapter so I cannot move photos to my printer....but that will come when I find the adapter. Have been using it in a car GPS navigator for 6 months now. Works fine. It's Class 4 so you have to wait a little bit longer for a full map update, but that doesn't bother me. It works great with Garmin Nuvi 1450 (the micro SD card is compatible with the GPS device). I also LOVE Amazon's frustration-free packaging! An adapter/reader(?) is also included. excelente producto para la venta, llego rapido a destino, sigan asi proveedor excelente excelente producto para la venta, llego rapido a destino, sigan asi proveedor excelente Price was good and it functioned as expected. I bought this for a one time file transfer off an old phone and haven't used it since. Perhaps one day it will find another use... Very happy with the quality of this card. Works perfectly in my LG enV Touch. Not sure the Class 4 rating helps that much when saving photos and videos taken with the phone. got fast and with no prob so far the 2 micosd card i got whent into cell phones and they both are working fine set them up and it was history from ther well worth the price I love this product because it satisfy my needs at a great price. I'm using it with my Samsung Galaxy S4 mini and it works like a charm to store my music, photos and apps. Needed this for my Galaxy Tab 2 7" and this works perfectly. I'm able to load it up in the adapter for whenever I'm on the go and need to put it in a PC of some sort. I bought this for use in a gaming system, and it works great. I've reformatted it a few times for various uses (games, Roku, camera) and it has been extremely reliable. I jut received this memory card in the mail in it oem packaging, everyhonran smoothly, no problems at all. I'll update over the next few weeks on how the card is doing. I use this to run fireplace sounds for my electric logs. Much more realistic than the crackling noises supplied with the units. 6 hour loop provides varied ambience. I've had this SD card for a few months, it crashed and now can't even be re-formatted. Complete loss, I have to trash it and I'm so disturbed. Money in the trash ;0( I use it for my Samsung Tablet to watch movie while I am traveling, it's very high speed reading but very very very slow uploading, that is why I would give it 3 stars I bought this Micro card to expand the storage of my Samsung Galaxy S-III. It worked for 4 months and then just quit working. It Is a disappointment as far as quality. Have 3 sets of these. One for music, one for photos and one for videos. Don't know how you survive without space and this little micro chip and space and lots of it. I got micoSD 8gb for put Roku 2 slot for mircoSd. they r good have SD and Mirco SD small.. it is good memory 8GB space in Roku 2 XD or Camera depend memory card kind. Although, flash memory is constantly getting cheaper and cheaper, this is a great price for an 8gb class 4 Micro SD. It is exactly what is advertised. 5 stars I needed more memory for my garmin GPS. I used Kingston before and was satisfied. so I went with them again and am pleased with them this time. Amazon is great. I've used Kingston products before.Such as Ram Memory and have never had a problem with their products. They are not overpriced and seem to be of high quality. 16 GB Micro Flash Card arrived as described, fit into the remote camera and workered perfectly. It comes with an adapter which makes it easier for viewing. I bought this for an off-brand tablet and it works a treat. It streams movies and music without a hitch. The SD adapter card makes adding music a breeze. Excellent product, very responsible in their sales, are 100% as required, recommended, to deal with you was a real pleasure, thanks for your kind treatment I own this product for more than a year now and still working good on my cellphone and I still downloading songs, pictures and videos without any problem. Not much to say about this card, it works as advertized. I've ordered several Kingston cards of various sizes in the past and they all work flawlessly. Using this in my LG Dare cell phone. Write speed is fast and read speed is also good. Does what I need, not much to review on a product like this. Class 4 says it all. already formatted to fat partition and works great in my htc eris. and my laptop. little one for phone and big one for laptop. This product used to be $49.99 when it first came out now you can get this item for $7-$9 and works great on cell phone and small video devices. Why pay more? I was buying a camera and this would have cost twice as much from the retailer that sold the camera so I just got it here for less. failed first usage and I had to return it. The seller did not offer to replace - I got a refund from Amazon. I was out the postage to return it. Serious bang for the buck here. It is what it is and it does what its supposed to. I put this into my Samsung Captivate phone and it works great. I bought this on April 30th but it got spoiled by June 4th, just after the return window closed on May 31st :( ..... Never plan to buy it again It was very good to have 16 gigs in such a tny package. I move a lot of data around and having such a small item with so much space was great. This is exactly what I needed. It came really fast in the mail, and I'm not disappointed at all. For the GB and the price you cannot go wrong! This micro SD card was a fantastic buy. It has performed as it should in my new phone. I am very pleased. Fast shipping, I would buy again. This product does not work in my sansumg or any other cellphone. It is a wasted of time and money. I lost my money because 'm from Venezuela. I have had great luck with Kingston products in the past, but this did not work with my Garmin GPSMap 60Cx GPS receiver. So, I sent it back. Great for my current cell phone, t takes no time to write new applications to it and fast enough to run most applications directly from it. Works well. The price was right. Needed it bad in my new droid incredible to use certain apps. Short and simple: Get this microsd card. Its a memory card and it works like it is designed to. What more is there to say, other than I recommend it and it was at a good price. This micro SD card worked in my phone for a few days, then died. Now, I can' t access anything stored on it. Cheap foreign made crap. Got this for my wife's LG enV Touch. Popped the card in and it works just fine. Wish I had known the price was going to drop so much. I bought this due to it being cheap and works for my phone. It is an easy way to get an extra 16gb's of memory for music and pictures It is what it is. Great price, exactly as shown. I dont need the converter, but the micro SD is perfect for my phone. Good product Got this for my android tablet. Works just as expected. Works quickly and holds the size specified, what more can you ask for. This card's write speed is painfully slow. My Class 2 is faster for write speed. I tried two different readers and same result. Fast Shipping. Great quality. Good memory for the price. Purchased for Samsung galaxy tab 2. Have had no issues with the card. I used it with Garmin GPS, so far it works fine. I will recommend Kingston 4 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/4GB. This worked just as well as any high priced micro SD card. It is actually worth more than it cost. Would recommend to anyone. Great for all SD and Micro SD applications like cell phones and other micro-SD applications. Solid quality and value product. Came just as promised and works like a champ. Great price as well! Bought it for a digital camera that we bought our father I received a Chinese made fake item. I am returning it. It was supposed to be Japanese made sdcard. I could have bought it for a fraction of what I paid here on ebay. got screwed. This memory card was purchased for our new Garmin Nuvi 1490T GPS. No problems. Does what it said it would do. I'm happy :) This card last about a month before it stopped recording things onto it. Now I get errors every time I try to access it. Just like everyone said... it was fine at first but then i couldnt see any of my pics or other files on it wasnt working I needed this for my phone storage, and this allowed me to have additional space that was needed for all my phone usage. You can't beat the price, I bought 3 of them. I use them in my GPS units and for the what I paid I the quality is High This thing Works perfectly, I've had no problems whatsoever. It Loaded right away on my R4i card, I would buy it again Works well so far with a Samsung Captivate- received very rapidly. will most likely buy another one for my other phone There's no reason to blow money on high end sad cards. This works perfectly storing and retrieving my music and apps. No complaints here. Does what it's supposed to and holds my songs/pics. Great value for the price not much to say lol Purchased this product for my phone, very happy with it. I wish I had ordered it earlier. Very Pleased with purchase. Was exactly what I needed for my phone and if I need to transfer, add files to my computer, it will be very helpful. This card works well enough and is detected every time. However the speed I get is 3.1MB/s in extended write tests. Nothing wrong with that was a very good product that was easy to use. Good 16GB! I used for my lg motion for metro. I bought it on Sep 1st, 2012 and today, february 3rd it have dead. Do not buy this product. Look for another brand. great price amazing quality. needed more space for my phone and it was just what was needed.thanks a lot.good buy I needed some extra memory for my Garmin Nuvi. 8 GB was the max I could add for this Garmin model. It works fine. Works fine. Includes the adapter. Not much to say, except it's everything you should expect from a minco SD card. The standard memory card, works as advertised, and i use it for basic things such as in my camera, and my phone. Came fast and works good. No problems with the memory always trust Kingston since I use it on my computer memory No big deal this works like any other card I've had. If this is what you need, I dont see why not just get it. I bought this card to use in my Blackberry Bold 9000. I figured since the item description shows that it comes preformatted at FAT32 that I would be good to go. Much to my surprise I was not....I figured the card was bad....and thus the research began. The solution was quite simple.....simiply re-format the card to fat-32 again and you should be able to use it in all compatible devices. Very Very strange....but it worked in the Blackberry this time around. I have always liked kingston products and their memory cards....so I am giving this a 4/5 due to the tiny little formatting issue. Other then that the card is perfect, the quality and price are perfect and I hope to be able to store a lot of media on my Blackberry. I bought this a year ago, and it is still working. I use it with my tablet to store apps and movie files. This 8 gig sd card is as described. It expanded the memory in my grandsons tablet for his music and pictures. About the only downside is the size... LOL! In making them smaller we have also made them very easy to lose. Put this in my garmin for extra memory and works great. I have purchased kingston before and never a problem. No problems works great. Installed in a GPS. GPS reading it and is using it with no problems as it should be. Cannot say much as it is an sd card and works as it should. It gives me enough memory to do what I want it to I will recommend this item it works good. You can use it anywhere phone camera lop top. And any device. Both the 16GB and 8BG work as descrikbed and also work well wi th my android devices and music players. Used it on my GPS device and it worked just fine, no issues, shipping was quicker than was expected as well. shopping around the net amazon has the best price on this card, kingston card works very well in my tablet. No problems after a month. Seemed like a fair price. No issues in the time it took to get here either. Holds all my music and is easily transported! Works like a charm on all of my devices including my phone. its not working.again and again i have to format it. cant be trusted don't buy it its not gonna work In need of a memory card for my Garmin GPS. This is the perfect card to have more than one map on the GPS. The micro flash card worked just fine. However, the adaptor fell apart when I put the flash card into it. Not sure if I got a defective SD card or not but after I take pictures I try to display them on the phone, sometimes the app locks up. Found out it is the SD card cuz I placed the SD card in my PC and I have a hard time reading the files. It took me over 8 hours to move the pictures to my desktop. I had several lockups of Windows explorer. After I retrieved most of the files I reformatted the SD card and will try it again in my phone. I was able to move the pix from PC to card without issue after the format. Maybe I fill up the card using the PC to ensure the card is ok before I trust it to store my phone pictures. I've used Kingston memory chips in the past without issue but this one is flaky. This is a really good memory card. Works well and holds plenty of pictures and data for your cell phone Worked great with my mobile and I bought another one for backup it is such a good deal and good product. Its ok. But when i take videos it say that i have no spaces yet on my phone it shows i still have 7gigs. Great sd memory card. Working fine on my cel phone. If you need a sd mem card but this. The price is ok. No issues with the memory card. Great buy! I liked have the option of the Mirco SD vs the regular SD. I am completely satisfied with this flash card. It works great and was ship and received in a few days. II have given it 5 stars because it works. I always use Kingston memory and have never been left down! Use it in an Android phone. Works fine for half the cost of the Verizon card. No problems to date. I LOVED IT PERO NOT THAT MUCH PORQUE IT SAYS THAT IS 8GB PERO SOLO ES 7.28GB THAT SUCKED EVERYTHING I needed a micro SD card to load music for when I am working. This Kingston micro SD fit the bill. As described, works fine. Good price and quality. Would buy again. Used for HTC Droid Incredible. Works great! So happy to have the extra bit of storage space. I wasn't really sure how much use I would get out of this, so I just got the 4 GB card. For the price, if I really need more space, I could just get a bigger one and use this for something else. But, so far, it's been plenty of space for me. I'm not storing a lot on my phone, so I don't think I'll need to upgrade. One thing, I have a micro sd slot on my computer and I have a usb multi card reader. This card did not work in either of them. This card is a faster/newer speed and my readers do not recognize the card. Bummer... But, my phone is happy with the card, so all is well. Works as advertised. I have always found Kingston memory products to be very dependable. . I do not think I have ever had a memory device from Kingston that has failed. Over the years I have almost exclusively used Kingston memory and many of the old chips I have will most likely work if I ever had to use them again. Memory has really progressed over the years and as motherboards and processors evolve so does the RAM. The evolution of the devices is the only reason I have had to change my RAM modules. From the old 256mb chips, RAMBUS, DDR2 and DDR3, all have done their jobs. I recommend Kingston products for their warranty and performance. I bought this to transfer files between my computer and tablet. I was going on a long trip and wanted some music and videos to enjoy on my tablet. I made 2 or 3 transfers the first couple months I had it and then the card sat empty in my tablet. The card failed around 7 months, randomly while plugged into my tablet. I tried reformatting in my computer and cleaning the contacts with alcohol but nothing brought it back to life. Luckily I did not have any files that I lost, but it is still frustrating. If I had been doing a lot of writes to the card I would have understood a failure, but not after filling it up 3 times in 7 months. I ordered 3 of these and they registered as correct gb on the blackberry. Great price as well! I received it the next day I bought it. It works well with my GPS. just the size I needed. I got this on sale to use with my Nook. It was completely plug and play, no issues so far. It's a MicroSD card. It's 16GB. Kingston is a decent brand. This isn't the first item of their I bought, it won't be the last. I specifically bought this for a car camera I bought here on Amazon, which due to limitations of the camera it could not support higher class cards. So I bought this class 4. If you are looking for a solid card for a low level device this is it. If you want something for a better device (such as a phone etc...) then get a higher class. The price difference to a class 10 is not much and you will enjoy faster speeds. This product works as advertised. Robust and functional, and the price is right too. In light of the current political happenings in the United States, it makes more and more sense NOT to have your data on the onboard storage of your computer/s. Thanks to the Patriot Act and the DHS, a subpoena is a joke nowadays and the US gov't basically has instant access to your online data and can confiscate your physical property at will. A micro SD card however can save your data in places the FBI and DHS can't go. Food for thought... Bought this one year ago and now it has failed. I ordered a 64 GB Kington Micro SD as a replacement. 64 GB is the memory card size limit for the Galaxy S3 Per Jewel's comment below, Kingston replaced the product and it works. I did have to pay to ship the defective product back to them. In total, I have had 2 Kingston products from Amazon fail. To Kingston's credit, both times my negative review was seen by them, and the product replaced immediately. All replacements are currently in use. For all of us, the lowered cost of electronic purchases has been welcome. The flash card was a bargain and the delivery was very quickly concluded. I have always enjoyed Kingston products and, as always, Amazon had it in my hands quickly. Had I gone out in town to find the flash card, I would have burned more in gasoline costs than the price I paid tor this card. I might add that I have never had a Kingston product fail to deliver exactly the performance advertised. Bought this because my Garmin GPS unit did not have enough space for the map updates (seems like an oversight on the Garmin, that'll be a separate review). Garmin wanted to sell me a card for $16 but at $6.49 this was a great deal. Card came in original Kingston packaging with the adapter (which I won't need as the Garmin cannot be used without the card permanently installed now). I updated the maps and have been going strong for over a week. If anything changes I'll be sure to let everyone know. It works extremely wel!!! I went to Europe and put over 15-HUNDRED + high resolution pics + videos(with a Samsung digi camera i bought on Amazon) and the memory is true to description! Though I will say I transferred the pics Via a chromebook to my google drive and it took over and hour to upload all the pics (i dont think that,that is that bad) but i dont have much experience with data transfer speeds! All in all 5 STARS! Extremely happy with purchase !! My phone did not properly recognize the card at first. It would only acknowledge 3.4 gigs. I had to go through a pain in the butt process of updating my phone software. After I updated the phone software, I had to reformat the card and now it recognizes 7.9 gigs. If you are having problems with this card, the above solution may fix it. Just remember to update the phone software and not the desktop software. Hope this helps someone. I have no idea why these other reviewers are complaining so much. I have had this for over 6 months in my cell phone and it has a fast transfer rate when hooked up to the computer card reader. You take it out and plug it back into the phone. Simple and fast!It transferred a GB in just seconds. I would recommend this to family and friends and I would definitely buy this again if needed. There's nothing junky about it. It works as it's supposed to. I have 5 of these I got during a sale. Have used for 2+ years in DS, DSi, DSi XL, Epic 4G, Nook Color, and PCs. Zero failures. Class 4 promises a minimum of 4 MB/s write speeds. In my Nook Color running Gingerbread and SD Tools (it does a 190 MB write test), I get consistent 6-9 MB/s write. For read speeds, it's around 20 MB with the default 128 KB SD cache, but with a 4 MB cache, read speeds jump to 35-85 MB/s. Great product. I've yet to put it in my MP3 player bc I'm still learning how to use it. Not familiar w/Kingston products. But it got here on time, in great condition & I'm very pleased. Also happy to be able to add even more memory to an 8GB player!! So it's ALL good! THANK YOU FOR THE EXCELLENT PROFESSIONALISM IN WORKING WITH ME!! ? I'd buy from u again & I highly recommend anyone else to do the same! ? I was getting good speed the first two days of owning this card. Now it writes at 3.7mbs... just fail. I will change this review when the seller contacts me back about this poor preformance. I have emailed them and sent amazon a request to email them... no return message as of yet... I'm definitly going with amazon's 16 or 32gb class 10 card next time.... Sorry to say this card gets an F- I bought this card to be used in a cell phone. I tried it in the cell phone, my blackberry, a Canon camera, and my PC's card reader, but none of them would recognize it as a viable drive. It was D.O.A. right out of the package. I probably got one of the small percentage of these devices that are produced with a defect, but I have had good luck with SanDisk so I will return this Kingston card and reorder. At first this card worked fine in my Blackberry Curve but then one day my phone suddenly couldn't read any of the files stored on the card. AT&T said there was perhaps too much on the card, and the phone couldn't support it. However, I barely had uploaded anything on it yet with no big files. When I tried to read the card in my memory card reader, I got a message on my computer that said the card could not be read...maybe I just got a bad one? Maybe not... does not work and is not recognized by droid tablet Not what I expected pedi two 16 Gb and I sent one of 16 Gb and one 8 Gb, but charged for two 16GB ... I want you to send another 8GB micro Sd or reintegrate me the money ... very cheap not good and also it's not really working the way I wanted to work and it was very very slow I want your money or your money on this Does it's job well for a reasonable price. Shipment was processed quickly and efficiently. I am happy with the product. i love it! 32gb is what i needed because my 8gb phone wasn't doing it for me so i bought this and i love it! I got this for my picture frame viewer and popped it into the picture frame and it worked immediately. Next we put pictures on it and put it back in and it worked. No issues. I am relatively happy with the purchase. Excellent product, was fulfilled sent to the estimated dates, loved the price, practical and quality. I recommend it to everyone. This item was exactly what I was looking for. I needed an extra memory card for my phone. Great quality. I have had no issues with it. I love having the adapter so I can upload the pictures to my laptop. I've used the Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 card in several devices in the past year, either by itself or in the SDHC adapter. It's performed flawlessly so far, and I'm very pleased with it. The card is formatted for the FAT32 file system, with 7.20 GB free. My only possible reservations about the card would be for applications that involve loads of data at high data transfer rates. For those uses, a Class 10 card might be preferred. For my uses, the card has been superb. This is the second such card I've bought, and I'm so pleased with it-- the price is unbeatable for something so versatile. You can use it either as a microSDHC card, or as a full-size SDHC card. Considering it costs the same (or less) than most other brands that offer either one or the other, why not buy the one that offers both? I'm currently using it with the adapter inside my point-and-shoot camera, and it works well and doesn't cause big delays between shots. But I also know that if I need to use it in another device that requires a micro card, I can switch it out. It's a great value, and my other card served me well for many years in another camera before I sold that camera with the memory card in it. I ordered this as a replacement for the memory card that came in my Logitech 700e outdoor security camera. It has been installed and is now working perfectly. For the record I ordered the version in the Amazon Frustration-Free packaging and it was definitely easy to open and did not require scissors. Mine was ordered to use in a smart phone it did not function from the start, I tried reading it from the adapter still did not work, it crashed my usb drive though and had to reboot my computer.I was quite disappointed so I returned it to the seller and probably will not order from this seller again. It was supposed to be brand new and looked new but hey who knows. I got this card for my new low-end Android phone that I use for software and hardware testing. I just needed a basic SD card, and the 4 GB one was more than sufficient for most of my needs. It was easy to install, and more than adequate for all of my picture and video taking needs. I was able to use the included adapter to connect the card to my MacBook Air. When transferring files from the card to the computer the transfer speed was about 18 MB/s, while when uploading files to the card it was about 5 MB/s. So far the card has been reliable and I have not had any issues with corrupted or lost data. I really can't believe how cheap these cards have become. They are literally becoming too cheap to matter. These were for memory upgrades for GPS receivers which could not update to the latest maps without additional memory; this effectively doubled the available memory, and worked fine. I've always trusted Kingston, and these were very reasonably priced. Not much to say. This card fits and works with my Spring Samsung Galaxy S3.Installation was simple and the phone detected the card without any effort. You should be aware though, that once the card is in your phone, any pictures/videos you take/create, will automatically saved on the newly installed memory card, so you may want to change that or simply leave it alone. The adpter included works with all card readers that accept its size. I didn't experience any problems reading/writting into the card from a reader and phone. Hope this helps. I purchased two of these MicroSD cards and adapter to store sensitive files in a secure way, and for my application this has been more than sufficient. A few months ago I decided to scan and save every important document that my family has (passports, birth certificates etc.). Knowing a thing or two about data security and the methods of hackers, I know that storing those documents on a computer connected to the internet (or even a hard-drive that I connect to said computer every now and then) is a bad idea to say the least. I don't hang out in the wrong places and I have a decent amount of security on my computers, but no system is impregnable! I decided that a microSD card (and backup) was the way to go. They are tiny, making them easily hidden! I'm only including the following in case anyone might find it useful, if you don't feel like reading my methodology, just know that I'm pleased with the card and would highly recommend it! Step 1: Remove wireless card and hard-drive from laptop Step 2: Install new hard-drive Step 3: Install TAILS Linux Operating System Step 4: Scan all documents to new hard-drive Step 5: Encrypt all files using freeware TrueCrypt program Step 6: Save all encrypted files to microSD card Step 7: Make backup to second MicroSD card Step 8: Put MicroSD cards in separate, secure places, safe from fire/heat damage and theft Step 9: Perform secure delete of all files from hard-drive using shred command Step 10: Set laptop back to normal and perform full erase of hard-drive. Yes, the above method seems a little paranoid - but after having seen repositories of personal information just like this for sale on the internet, there's no such thing as being too safe. I now have two digital copies of all important documents in two very secure locations. Even if the cards were compromised, the FBI couldn't break a TrueCrypt encryption after a year of trying, so I'm not too worried about some l33t hacker on Arch. By being tiny, MicroSD cards are easily hidden and can even be placed inside mundane objects with relative ease. I'm very pleased with these Kingston MicroSD cards - it's not the fastest way to transfer data, but it is absolutely fine for data storage and cell phone use. Highly recommended! the day it arrived i put it in my tablet and it worked--i'm not a tech head- so that's all i'm really concerned about- and the price was a little less than $10 I am very happy with this product because it gives me alot more space on my sd card. and i got it for a great price. I gave this card 5 stars because it works just fine, like any other mini SD card. Really, I don't see why I wouldn't. So if you're not too bored, please stop reading this and continue with your purchase. Bought this microSD memory card for an Samsung i5500 Corby Galaxy Europa; needed it to use the camera function on the phone. It works great; no installation or usage issues whatsoever & it came with an adapter so I can easily directly download photos from the photo to my laptop just by inserting the chip into the adapter & the adapter into the laptop's SD slot. Price was excellent; why pay more for "branded" memory? I bought this for expanding my Android's memory. Its basic, but if needing for a camera make sure it and your card reader can use SDHC. First off, the product itself is a fine one; I've been using Kingston MicroSD cards for years and I love them. As for the "frustration-free" packaging...the OUTER packaging is indeed frustration-free, it's a nice cardboard mailer with a pull-tab to open it. Once you've got the product, though...it was a real PITA to open it since it was wrapped tightly with a sticky, plastic label that required a scissor to open it without destroying the packaging. Since I didn't have a scissor handy I just destroyed the inner packaging and threw it away once I pried the MicroSD card out. I'll buy them again because, as I said, I like the Kingston cards. But the whole thing was rather amusing... Not much to say about an outdated 8GB microSDHC card. Class 4 makes it VERY SLOW! Got this for a digital camera that's not HD. Can't use it in a Wii since its HC. Pretty much only good for old phones and cameras. And with the price of 16, 32, and 64 GB cards getting dirt cheap and faster (Class 10+), I pretty much bought this for nostalgia... I have tried several SD cards in my Samsung Galaxy S4 phone, and this is the only one that doesn't corrupt my music and videos. It allowed me to copy data in bulk, and has not dumped and force me to reformat the contents of the card. I would recommend this card to anyone who has had trouble with Samsung cellphones and external SD cards. I have used Kingston memory for a long time without ever encountering a problem or failure. I purchased this item specifically for my new Garmin Nuvi 1450 LMT. I also contacted Garmin TS (1-800-800-1020) before I placed my Amazon order. Information that I can share with you is that the "1450" can accept a memory card with a capacity of up to 16 GB. Notice that this is a microSDHC card (which is needed for the "1450" slot but it also comes with a larger adapter to enable it to be used as a full (regular) size SDHC card. The "Class" designation refers to the data transfer rate. I believe that the Garmin units can accept up to a Class 12, so the Class 4 works just fine. In doubt?? Call Garmin TS! They're the experts. Why do you need one? Great question. As the GPS market continues to expand the map vendors will be providing more detailed map information and data to the GPS vendors. The Nuvi 1450 LMT includes lifetime map updates. I would prefer to have all of my map data stored in the GPS unit and not on my HDD. Additionally, although the map updates usually include all of North America, you may not need all of this map data. You can also store pictures but not MP3 files or audio books in the memory in the GPS unit. This product is well designed and constructed. It is just as described on the Amazon website. It's a bargain at $11.99. the product worked fine and look like any other. then i realized it wouldnt hold information on it.. it just randomly deleted files and the card became corrupt. after losing information and files several times i threw it in the bottom of a drawer and now its a 75$ piece of junk...... just what i needed Perfect! 32gb (minus about 3gb of storage files from the phone) of additional memory added simply and easily to my Samsung Galaxy S4! No problems at all, adapter inserts into my laptop and functions perfectly fine. Would recommend you anyone on a budget looking to expand their memory on their phone, camera, etc I was on the Hot Rod Power Tour and used this 16GB micro SDHC Flash Card in my camera and never used the complete 16GB up. Also used several of them on a trip across country and back and it performed great. If and when I need another 16GB micro SDHC Flash Card I will use them. Absolutely had NO trouble with them. I tried several times over to download this card and format it because it would not work on my computer. The card kept freezing when trying to transfer info onto it, and it shut my computer down three times as of now. This card was purchased for my blackberry bold and it is not working as many reviewers stated it would. Maybe I got a bad one I used the Kingston 8gb microSDHC card to transfer pix/flix/sound files from my pc to a env Touch cellphone. Card was immediately recognized by my pc (running Vista) through a SanDisk micro-mate USB adapter. Transferred files were immediately seen by the cellphone. No hassles and good read/write rates. I don't know, Kingston's quality seems to have suffered as of late. This is the second bad Micro SD card I've received in the last year. Think I'll stay away from Kingston from now on. To bad, they were, at one time one of my top choices but now thy have fallen out of contention. Regards, John Davis I bought two of these for our Android phones. Both failed in about six months and I would have lost all my data and pictures if I hadn't backed up my phones. Kingston replaces both of them for free, though, since they have a lifetime warranty. Still a bit much of a hassle, though. Ordered this product for my Galaxy S3. It works perfectly fine and delivers enough performance for my Galaxy S3. By default my phone saves all photos and video recordings into sd card. I am actively using it. It has been 9 months that I am using this product. No problems so far. this one is fake, my computer can not recognize it repeatly showing problems with this card, i wasted too much my time to figure out what wrong, check out: genuine kingston product has a SN number which you can check it is true or not, but this one does not, obviuos , fake card My B&N nook crapped out on me, so I was switching my books to my husband's galaxy tablet. I decided to get a microSD card to fit some of them on there and not take up all the space on the tablet, and I was surprised at how much I was able to fit on the card. Some of the reviews I see we're one stars. Well I gave it five stars because the card is working fast on my devices! It does what it claims for me! I'd buy another if I need more. I'm using it in my blue tooth wireless speakers and it's fantastic! Works well in the Samsung instinct as well as the Sony PSP with microsd to ms pro duo adapter. Slows mp3 playback on the Instinct slightly, but only when first started, more likely a phone issue than a card issue. lots of storage for a small price. Adapter and flash card worked like a charm in an older Canon DSLR (Rebel XSi.) No problems recognizing it or formatting the card. Will also use it as backup media in a digital audio recorder I'm planning on buying, so it has versatility built-in! Just as expected from Kingston. It is just perfect for my Galaxy S3. I have installed games, videos and music and everything is working good. You must know that you can only use 14.62GB of the 16GB. For me it's good enough to give it 5 stars. I put this in a Sansa Clip to download books and music and it works fine but a class 6 would load faster. If your getting this for a good camera with HD movie capabilities then get a class 10 because a 4 will slow down your unit . Like most of these cards, they aren't quite what they claim to be. Memory is slightly smaller than claimed. But it still works well. For the price, I put up with the smaller memory. 16 GB means it has around 14 true GB of use. This item is certainly a great buy compared to what one would pay at most retail stores, so I purchased two 8GB Micro SD Cards with Adapters. I received them promptly and they work very well. I'm very happy with my purchase. The micro-card does well for taking photos with my 2006 Verizon flip-phone. I bought the set mostly for the card capacity and the adapter. I take a lot of photos for documentation...even with my OLD cellphone. Excellent product for the price Kingston is one of the most highly-respected names in the RAM business, and with good reason. They produce the most reliable memory out there. I will not buy any other kind of RAM, regardless of price. Naturally, when I needed to upgrade the MicroSD flash card that came with my phone, I checked into Kingston first. I was a little concerned that there appear to be TWO versions of this card floating around: one made in Japan that is reputed to be superior and one made elsewhere (maybe Taiwan or Thailand?) that is supposed to have problems. I was relieved to receive one that was made in Japan. The swap went uneventfully, and my new 16GB card was recognized immediately. I copied all my files to it, and the performance was spot on for a class 4 card (I got write speeds consistenly in the 4.5 MB to 5 MB per second range). Read speeds are a little faster, more in the range of 5 MB to 6 MB per second, plenty fast for movies and media in general. Part of the performance is the phone (or whatever device) itself, so keep in mind these are MY numbers in MY device, your mileage may vary. But what I can say for sure is that the card itself definitely performs to specifications, which cannot be said of many memory cards out there. I have had this card in operation daily for a little over a month now, and it has performed flawlessly. I have had zero problems with it. I would heartily recommend it, especially since it is competitively priced with the other no-name or wierd-name options. Get the Kingston and have the best. Still working well, and met all my expectations. I also now have an extra adapter, as I bought this only for the mini bit. I'm happy with this purchase and might be getting another in the future for a Raspberry Pi. This is a great MicroSD Memory Flash, that I use for my smartphone. Is great the MicroSD to SD adapter because I can use the same memory to connect to my laptop or my digital camera. Kingston is a great brand. I got two of these and it is very slow. I have to buy another ones. The other made - made in Japan - is much faster than these which made in Taiwan. For some reasons, it is exstreamly slow and not usable. Micro SD's are more popular now because of the PDA explosion (e.g. Blackberry, Motorola Moto Q9h, Samsung Black Jack, etc.). I haven't seen a Micro SD be used for a digital camera device yet, so I'll guess it's mostly these PDA type devices that they are being purchased for. Buyer beware! If your PDA device specifically states it can only support up to 2gb in the expansion memory slot, then anything over that size may not work. I bought this 4gb Kingston Micro SD with adapter for a Motorola Moto Q9h (AT&T), and it failed to recognize the Micro SD. It detected it, and let me know how much memory was there, but it would give me an error and would NOT allow me to save to it, or open the file I had on it. So, I sent the Moto Q9h back and replaced with a Blackberry Curve 8300, which also stated that it had an expansion slot which would support up to a 2gb Micro SD. However, I tested it with another Blackberry 8300 model and it worked. So, make sure that the Micro SD you're buying will work with your device. The safest bet is to go into the store and try it on your device. The other thing, Motorola has failed in all aspects to compete in the PDA phone market. If you're thinking of buying a PDA phone device, avoid the Motorola. It failed in many way than just the expansion slot not working. I think the Windows Mobile OS was the other problem. I purchased this for my TomTom to give it extra storage space for my maps. It works great. With the adapter that fits in my PC, I can delete maps so I have more space to load a newer maps. This microSD card is quite compatible with my LG phone, which I really didnt expect since my phone usually has many problems. The best feature i liked about this product is the adapter. When I first opened the package, I dint think it would ve been this useful. Whenever I want to transfer something like pictures or music to my phone I transfer the card inside the small slot of the adapter which is quite cute and then insert the adapter to the memory card slot in my laptop. I doesnt require any installation or waiting. You can transfer just about anything from the computer to the card (depending on what device you use)and vice versa just by dragging and dropping. I still have around 75% disk space left in my card after having around 100 songs and some pictures. The reason why I like the adapter offer is because I have just inserted the adapter into the memory card slot and kept it there always. So whenever I wanted to transfer something all I do is insert my SD card into the adapter and transfer the data and then put it back into the phone. It may take just less than 2 minutes to do that! Bottomline is: Go for this offer with adapter instead of buying the card alone. It may become useful even if you dont use it often. Really a good product and for such a low price you will never regret it even if something happens. Kingston's 4 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card is the perfect addition to your microSDHC-compatible device. After adding it to my Blackberry Tour, the card has given me plenty of space to store my media and pictures. Performance: While the Blackberry is nowhere near as demanding from a read/write speed standpoint as a legitimate digital camera is, this card performs just fine in terms of expanding the space available to saving media. Fit and Finish: Perfect. Support: Kingston backs their memory products up with a Lifetime Warranty so should something go wrong, which is incredibly unlikely, they will be there to provide any necessary support. Amazon's Frustration-Free Packaging: This could be the best attribute of this purchase. Amazon has really gotten packaging right with their new Frustration-Free option. Gone are the horrendous clamshell packages manufacturers so frequently use for products like this. In addition, the new packaging is far more ecologically friendly which is nice as well. I am very happy Amazon has taken strides forward in improving not only the shopping experience online, but also the experience once a product arrives in the purchaser's home. Recommendation: If you need a microSDHC card, this is a perfect option. I'm a little disappointed, that this manufacturer, like most others markets. This product as 16 GB. When I installed the SD card in my phone. the Total space available is 14.97 GB. The device worked reliably for 16 months. However a couple of weeks ago it stopped working. When I did the RMA, Kingston would only do so after I returned the card to them first. I went through the RMA procedure on the phone with them, but it wasn't made clear to me that I had to return their defective unit first. I know that Kingston is a reputable company, but in previous dealings with Kingston where I was expected to return something, I never got the replacement once I sent the item back (granted, this was many years ago and it involved a Kingston NIC) I think Kingston should collect a customer's CC# and send them a replacement card and then have the customer send back the defective unit and re-use the packaging that Kingston sent in. At a current cost of $16.00 I'd need to purchase a special envelope @$4.00 and send it to Kingston @ a cost of roughly $2.00. For an additional $10.00 I can purchase another 32GB card. Virtually every other company of this type will offer to replace the device and place a CC# hold to cover the cost of the device. or AT LEAST send the customer an appropriate pre-paid package to avoid this in the future. I'm now going to purchase a 32GB Sandisk MicroSD. [original review of the 2Gb micro card which is not available anymore with an addendum.] I purchased this item, and wanted it shipped the cheapest way possible. unbeknown to me, this meant amazon shipping it by the united states postal service. I tracked the package, and after a few days, received the box. it was just an empty box. there was a postcard sized invoice inside, some packaging material, but nothing else. i also noticed the bottom of the amazon box was slightly torn (glue holding the box together was ripped off) so i "called" amazon and got some customer service agent in india. remarkably, amazon customer service was better than i expected, and was able to resolve my missing item by sending a replacement. I also emailed a suggestion to amazon.com's shipping department that in the future, they should SEAL and SECURE the bottom of ALL their shipping boxes with tape, and not just put a small piece of shipping tape on the top of the box. this suggestion will also save amazon.com a lot of money from theft. 5 stars for amazon.com 4 stars for this product. 0 stars for the post office. and -5 stars and a bullet in the head for the guy who stole the item from my original purchase. Very usefull flash card for my android htc phone, not only to have the capacity to take pictures but to take videos. Very nice product I recomend to anyone who needs it. Reliable and works well in all devices I used them in so far. Will recommend this to others. And with the adapter I am also able to use it in my laptop and net book. I needed this for my nokia lumia 521 and it was a perfect fit. Everything went good. I have alot more storage now. At the price its at i would buy these immediately. Wonderful product, wonderful price, wonderful service. They GOT here in no time. I plan to give then as stocking stuffers and liked them so much I ordered 5 more. This memory was priced right. Bought this for my cell phone. Installed the memory and has functioned properly. Can't beat the price for quality Kingston memory. Good Product Fast Shipping will purchase again!! Works well with tablet can download and start over so it is worth buyer extra when you purchase your tablet. Does exactly what it is supposed to do! What else can you expect from it? These things never die until you just get sick of them and need more capacity! My adapter didn't work but what I really needed was the micro card. I didn't bother returning it as I had a reader but it really should have worked! I bought this, inserted into my phone and it worked great. Never any problems. Would recommend to anyone looking for a less expensive alternative. This worked out very well for me. I'm using it in my GS4, and it's working perfectly. Inexpensive and works like a charm... what more can you want? After significant research, (manufacturer, chip quality, physical and memory size, second and third party fakes) I decided to go through the only Kingston vendor "Memosun 17665 Newhope St, Fountain Valley, CA 92708 800-733-8204" to purchase the maximum memory for my Evolve. Reviews of the Evolve show this phone is limited only by its memory, making it a slow, but feature rich phone. Kingston specialists who are supplied exacting phone manufactures specs informed me that the maximum memory specs on the Evolve are 32GB; Class 4 should give your Evolve a very nice octane boost. Kingston and Memosun agree that a larger faster card is most likely incapable of formatting, or even mounting the Evolve. Oh, and don't expect the included T-Mobile/Evolve manual to include the aforementioned information, or any specs! When it comes to something as important as correct device memory, you're better off going through the chip's manufacturer and /or the primary distributor. I'll be using Kingston again. I got exactly what I expected, and it works as advertised. I wiped and formatted the card, just as a precaution, but overall, very satisfied. Excellent item, very good quality, consistent with reports in the ad, in excelnte been received, I highly recommend it, thank you very much. I bought this card to use with a Samsung Intrepid (Sprint CDMA/GSM) running Windows Mobile 6.5 OS. I chose this card having used Kingston in PC's on occasion, and was not disappointed. Windows did recognize this card without any problem in my Samsung Intrepid SPH-I350DLS from Sprint. There was a warning about the phone not being tested or recommended/approved for micro SD cards greater than 16Gb. in size, and about non-approved or untested cards. I couldn't find any information on Kingston's website for my phone. Sprint's wasn't any help either for memory cards. So I took a chance and this card works just fine in my device. This phone hasn't been tested for any micro SD cards greater than 16Gb according to Sprint's Basics Guide for my phone, so that also influenced this card as the one to choose because it's 16Gb. I found many other micro SD cards on Kingston's website for Samsung phones, so if you own one Kingston cards will probably work in your Samsung phone or PDA too. Arrived on time and looks great! I would recommend it to a friend. It's a good It's a good It's a good ^^ The Kingston Flash Memory Card works perfectly and I fully satisfied with this purchase.I think it would be better to by one more card. Works as advertised. Fast transfer speeds and holds adequate storage. Kingston is known to be a great brand and I was not disappointed. I USE THEM ON MY DIGITAL CAMERA AND WORKS JUST PERFECT ALSO I USE IT ON MY CELL PHONE AND IT HAVE A NICE SPEED FOR TRANSFERRING FILES bought this as birthday gift for teenage son along with the southern emerson action camera. perfect fit and works great with camera. I bought this memory card for my new Samsung Blackjack II smartphone and I couldn't be happier. I even bought a smaller 2 gig version for my Father who has the same phone. There isn't much to say about it other than it works flawlessly, it was very affordable compared to other brands in the same category, and it seems to be made of high quality materials. The included adapter is truly where this product shines for me. I have a digital camera that uses standard SD cards so with the adapter I can take some pictures on my camera and then easily swap the card into my smart phone to email them or upload them to my blog. All in all a memory card is a memory card, there isn't much in the way of features to compare between brands. So I use cost, quality, and brand reputation (including user reviews) to determine which companies memory I want to buy. After doing the research this product is by far the best. Works well to allow phone to take and store pictures. Easy to install. Phone recognizes memory expansion automatically. Bla bla got the micro sd card pretty quick. using it and everything is working well. love that i can finally put music on my phone now. I recently got my first phone that takes a micro SD card, and within a few weeks I decided to buy this affordable card to use the phone's capabilities better. I love the added memory that the card gives my phone, which is now my primary MP3 player for podcasts and music. The adapter has some issue, however. Sometimes it works without trouble, but there have been occasions where I've had to put the micro SD card into the adapter 15 or more times before the contact points would work correctly and my computer would recognize the card when I plugged the adapter in. It has eventually worked every time, but I feel it shouldn't be this difficult. Apart from the inconvenience and worry caused by the adapter, I've had no unpleasant issues. The micro SD has added a new dimension to my phone. Recommended as an alternative to a stand-alone MP3 player to anyone who has a phone that can perform that function. I use this with my tablet, and it continues to work well. The adapter is a god-send. I may even purchase the 32 gb as well. Works great so far letting me download all the maps for North America on my Garmin NUVI 1350. Great price for the micro disc. Card failed after six months. Very disappointed. Purchased it because of Kingston reputation but a waste of time and money. Works perfectly with the Roku 2 XS. The Roku instantly recognized and formatted the card without a hitch. Would buy again. The Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Card works flawless with my SD Card Reader. My computer has no trouble recognizing it as a drive. I also tried it in my Sony Cybershot Camera using a microSDHC to MS PRO Duo Adapter -- works like a charm; the camera has no trouble capturing pictures and videos (at 30 fps). All of my devices are able to recognize the full capacity of the SD card. This SD card is rated class 4 (data transfer rate: 4 MByte/sec, or 32 Mbps) - sufficiently fast for the majority of electronics. A decidedly small number of electronics, most notably some camcorders and high-end cameras, require a class 6 SD card (the fastest transfer rate). I searched the Internet extensively for a better price - Amazon's price [...] for this microSDHC card can't be beat! Rest assured, you're getting a great microSD card at a great price! It is a good product that has complido with my expectations, good quality and original, nice features and optimal state. this is my third Kingston card this one is for my car black box camera. it works great and gives a great picture. SCI-FI It is hard to find 4GB microSDHC these days, most start at 8GB but my phone required 4. I am glad this was available. Bought it December 2010 for $99 for my EVO 4G. Less than a year later it has become unstable. What a rip-off!. It will just disappear and unmount itself on both my phone and my Linux machine. I was barely able to keep it mounted long enough (few tries) to copy all my data to my PC so I could migrate to a new (and different brand) memory card for my phone. Note: Since migrating to a new Sansdisk microSD, my phone has been stable, whereas it had gotten to the point that it wouldn't even recognize the Kingston card anymore. This proves it was not the phone. I have also witnessed similarly low reliability in a second EVO 4G handset running on the 16 GB version of this Kingston class 4 microSD. I recommend buying a different brand. Wow, was I impressed. I expected to get 4MB/sec, and instead, when copying a big file to the device, it wrote out at nearly 10MB/sec. Read speed was 20MB/sec. I was using this in an elago Mobile Nano II which fits flush in my laptop's USB port so I never have to remove it. Since this is a microSDHC, you can only format these with FAT32, but that's just fine since NTFS is about 6X slower on USB sticks so you'd never want to format flash memory with NTFS anyway! So I use 4GB for ReadyBoost on Windows 7 (which is the most you can do for 4GB) and use the other 4GB for file storage for stuff I'm actively working on. I couldn't be happier with the combination of this card and the elago adapter. This is the ideal solution if you want to add ReadyBoost to your laptop. You simply cannot beat it! Best item to have to load music, pics,etc. and be able to go onto any device and display for whatever reason. I bought this with a direct usb adapter. Capacity showed up at less than 50 mb in that adapter as well as a regular card reader. On the computer I couldn't get it to format to anything beyond that. But, I remembered someone writing that putting the card into an digital camera and formatting it from that would work. So, I put it in an SD card adapter, put it in my Canon A2000 IS and chose the format option. In the camera, it also showed up as less than 50 mb capacity, but after formatting, it showed up with 7.4 gb capacity. I hope this helps someone else--and thanks to the guy who originally thought of it. The card itself works fine, but because of the need to reformat (with no help on the Kingston site for the problem or how to fix it), I give this 3 stars. I guess it really depends on who is fulfilling your order, but I got a Kingston card and adapter in Kingston blister-pack packaging. I'm using this to replace a failing Class 2 8GB SanDisk card that was in my phone and while I haven't had a ton of time to mess with it, it took 8 minutes to copy the contents of the old card to my PC and then twenty minutes to write the contents back to the new card. This is for about 6GB of data, and doesn't seem lightning fast but I don't have a lot of experience with SD memory cards. Overall though this card seems like a good card, but I'm not using it under stressful conditions its just for podcasts, music, and pictures on my phone. Last thing, my order was with BoBotechnic fulfilled by Amazon; your mileage may vary. It works so good on my new Dashcam.. Then I put it on my new Samsung Galaxy S5 and keep on the good work. It am what it am, works good, price is right, life is good. Plus it comes with that tiny thingy with it. After a year of ownership, the SD card has ceased functioning. Expected better from a Kingston product. I purchased this Kingston 8gb sdhc card from Amazon.com for my Samsung Eternity phone. I had no trouble uploading mp3s and pictures to it. It also has a very nice memory write speed as well. The only problem I a had is when I play songs on the music player on my phone. When playing a track/song, there is a pause before the song is played. It takes probably 3 or 4 seconds for the track to play. This also happens when switching tracks. I kind of doubt this is the cards fault, but probably is from the phone. I don't think this should stop you from purchasing this card, but you might want to take this in consideration if you decide to get a Samsung Eternity phone. If anyone else experiences this problem with the same phone let me know. I use this chip to store data on my cell phone. I am now using it and I have no problems with the chip I have been using my Kingston 8GB microSD card for about a month now, and have been satisfied with it. There was one other review that mentioned that the card really only has 7.5 GB. That review gave it one star as a result. I'm not sure that is fair, because most disk storage media do not have the stated space available for storage - they must have some overhead for something or other. In any case, my card also has about 7.5 GB available, but it works great so I recommend it. I am using it in a Nokia e71x smart phone from AT&T. I use it for storing audio books (I use the music player on the Nokia to listen to them), and for storing pictures I take with the built-in 3.2 mp camera. I have had no performance problems at all. Disappointed because I usually enjoyed my Kingston products. But this SD card doesn't perform up to specs. It is rated class 4, which means it should be writing at the very least, 4 MB/s. However, the best this card is doing is around 2.5-3.4 MB/s. It only touches 3.4 after a long build up. I have a non class rated Sandisk that is blowing it out of the water at around 5.5 MB/s. This is using the same file, same adapter when testing. The numbers show this during file transfer via Windows 7 AND during a test using H2testw program. After hunting around, it seems that this is an issue that some others have had with Kingston class 4 cards. The speed is important to me since I'm running it in a tablet and it lags when the card is no good. It's exactly as the image, and it's really cheap. Got the 16GB for slightly under $10! Such a deal :) Cheap and easy to use. This product works well for transferring large amounts of data to your phone. Works great and the speed is faster than I had expected. At first I had issues with the phone not recognizing the memory card, but it turns out that you have to push the card further in than you would expect. If you have an E51, keep sliding the card to the left until it almost disappears. Slide it slowly or else it will spring back out and not lock into place. When it is correctly inserted, it will click again and the phone will make a beep recognizing the inserted card. You will barely be able to see the card anymore, just the edge of it. The card comes with an adapter to use with standard size flash card readers, but I just use the bluetooth connection between my Macbook and the E51, so I cannot rate the adapter. This thing is HUGE! I was amazed at how large it is and the price it was for made it all the better I use the Kingston 4 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/4GB for my cell phone. I like to take lots of pictures and videos. It does its job. More importantly, I'd like to mention a quick caution to less tech savvy people (like me). Make sure your computer/phone/camera/etc CAN read SDHC cards, not just SD cards. SDHC is newer, and older SD readers CANNOT read these SDHC cards. Case in point: my laptop has a SD card reader, but it can't read this SDHC card. Luckily, I can send the photos/videos from my cell phone to my laptop via Bluetooth. Besides that, I'm satisfied. 4 GB is plenty of memory for me, and I'm not afraid to set my cell phone camera settings to high resolution and extra fine quality. I DONT HAVE MUCH TO SAY ABOUT THIS ITS GOOD TO HAVE WHEN YOU NEED EXTRA MEMORY ON CERTAIN THINGS. Works great in my PV2+ drone for video and still shots. It's compatible with my Mac OSX as well. Did not work. I bought three of the Kingston 8 GB Class 4 microSDHC cards for my new Droid Incredible and my wife's new B&N Color Nook. They work perfectly and the micro SD adapter is very useful for handling those annoying ultra-tiny micro SD cards in a normal card reader. In my opinion, the 8 GB capacity is the "sweet spot" for these cards, both in price and reliability. UPDATE: I just tested this card with the free "SD Tools" app in my Droid Incredible. I get read speeds of 3.0 MS/s and write speeds of 3.6 to 4.4 MB/s. UPDATE'S UPDATE: This is still a good card, but I eventually replaced this card with the pricey Patriot Class 10 32 GB MicroSDHC card. My data is out of control--somebody stop me! what can you say its an 8 gigabyte micro card. It works. the price is right. I bought 2 of them Working perfectly. A great value compared to cards from the "high end" brand names. Saved me from having to delete the pics from my cellphone. Works great with my Samsung S3. The product is wonderful for me. it is elegant . I like it so much. it is good for my job Replace the stock 256MB card with this. Works just as described. For those types of products, brand doesn't really matter. But you can never go wrong with Kingston. The actually capacity of the card is 3.6GB, same as all other 4 GB microSDHC card. As a class 4 card, it is much faster than those cheap SD cards that came with your phone or other gadgets. For blackberry users who enjoy some music on the go, you will be pleased to find that you can cache around 25 Slacker radio stations on the card. The card won't transform your phone like what it says in the advertisement, but it is certainly a nice addition to any gadgets depending on your usage. I bought this memory card sometime ago for my Blackbery 8520 & it works great with it! I have put loads of pictures on it as well as tons of music! & i still have over 3 Gb of memory left, its pretty much awesome! I use my windows media player on my PC to transfer all the music and pictures through the USB cable that came with the blackberry and i can't believe it was that easy to transfer everything! You can still use the adapter that came with it as well to transfer your media, but since i gotta take off my case on my phone for that (which isn't all that easy) its easier for me to use the USB cable.... Overall im incredibly happy with the purchase! Works perfectly in my Blacberry Curve. Fast, with no issues at all. Came with SD adapter. It's a class 4, GB microSD card. What is there really to say about it? It stores information as it should, and the transfer rate for it, while moving MP3s is rather decent in my opinion. Works perfectly in my Asus Eee PC 701 4G. Good product for the money. On a little side note, if you're going to use this with a Motorola VE240, be prepared for longer than normal load times. The phone seems to index all the MP3s on the card, each time you load the music player. It could be, because the phone isn't very powerful (as phones go) and no fault of the card itself. That got annoying to me, and I just went back to the 2GB card that came with my phone. Popped it into my Blackberry 8830. Worked without a hitch. I need to look into what 'Class 4' means, it seems to work a decent speed though, no complaints just "not sure." Edited Jan 1,2009 Works well, not overly impressed with the transfer speed. Though it says class 4. Which would be 4mb/sec. But the size is super nice, and since I have the extra size in my phone I can hook a USB to my Blackberry and use it as a flash drive, which comes in really handy. For this reason I really love it. I also do not have any trouble accessing info on my phone, ringtones etc. Even a few short video's I formated for my phone. Works fine. I purchased this item on line and when I put it in my phone (LG Env2), it simply didn't work correctly. It worked off and on and then my phone was giving me confusing error messages about it. I had had no previous problems with my phone. I kept playing with it, thinking I was doing something wrong. I finally brought my phone with the card in it into Verizon. They tried it in a few different phones, and told me that the card didn't work correctly. I have contacted Kingston, and they have a lifetime guarantee on their products. I have sent it in for a replacement, but I just wish it had worked properly the first time. Product works as claimed. Close to the best price for the capacity. I got a FREE LG Rumor 2 through the Sprint network and wanted to upload music and screensavers to my phone. I purchased this 4GB MicroSDHC, a phone cover, screen protector, car charger and Plantronics Voyager 855 Wireless Two-Way Stereo Bluetooth Headset all for about $50.00 off Amazon. I only call and text. So this was a great deal on memory to improve my free and awesome text phone on a Sprint plan for about $50.00 a month. So if you're a basic cell phone user on a budget that's looking for the best deal for the least money this card should do the trick. Works perfectly. I use this for my camera. Haven't had any issues with it whatsoever. Recently I got a T-Mobile G1 and wanted to upgrade the standard 1GB of memory it comes with stock. I bought this while on sale on Amazon and haven't had a bit of technical trouble with it yet. The only downside is there isn't a grip to get the adapter out of my SD card slot on my laptop; (the slot isn't a press-and-release). I fixed this by notching two finger-nail slots in the sides and I'm perfectly happy with it now. In fact, the best part, I'm using my G1 memory card with the adapter in my Canon camera as a faster memory storage; I'm not entirely sure, but I also think it saves battery life over my old SD card. I purchased the two pack in April 2013. One card died in June 2014 and the other died in August 2014. I read these may be counterfit and I believe it since I have never had a problem with this brand memory. The price was too good compared to other brands. I replaced both with Scandisk cards and have had no difficulties with the memory. The Kingston cards began crashing my photo files and finally the cards were no longer detectable. Since there is a chance the site still shows these counterfeit cards I recommend you avoid this item until there is some assurance from Amazon they have addressed the issue. I decided to purchase micro/mini SD card for now, because of cost little cheaper, quality not different at all. If you have adapter you can use to Sony pro duo as well. You can access to Sd card slot with adapter or using flash adapter, micro can go both! Pro duo is pretty expencive but if you have PSP or Sony camera, You have to buy pro duo. Have you thought about if pro duo cost same like SD card? This micro SD works same as pro duo if you have adapter. I'm happy that I can use as both SD card and pro duo items. You can also use for cell phone! I can't find reason to buying regular size SD card anymore. This 8GB card works great with a Blackberry Bold, as long as you set it up correctly - while you can format and fill it with data on your PC, if you do this first, the BB will need to re-format and erases all data. You must insert in the BB first, format, change settings to save your various data (photos, video, voice notes, files) to the card, and then you can add additional data via USB cable. So far, excellent, and no issues at all. I am sure the card has many other purposes, but I have used it just for my smart phone. At the time I bought this card it was on sale for $17.99, which was a great deal for an 8 GB microSDHC card. I went to Microcenter to check their prices and they were selling a generic 8 GB card for $15. After tax, that would've been the same price but for a generic. I use it for my cell phone to store photos and music, but to be honest, I hardly use it for music since battery life sucks on smartphones (I have an HTC Touch Pro.) I don't have any problems with it, it was good price, shipped quickly, and Kingston is a brand I feel like I can trust. If it were half the price I'd give it an extra star. no problems I bought this item thinking that it could be used in my LG VU phone but the VU only accepts up to 4 GB memory cards. I learned this after purchasing this item but didn't return it because I found an unexpected use for it. Using the adapter that came with this item I slipped it into the card slot on my nintendo wii and this gave me an extra 8 GB of memory to download games and Wii channels. I still have quite a bit of room left on the card after downloading a few channels and 3 games. I am very pleased with this item even though I couldn't use it in my phone. I bought this 8 GB memory card for my Samsung Instinct phone and it works great for sideloaded items and camera still pictures. BUT when using the phones camera to shoot a short video it would not. After about 45 seconds it would suddenly say it FAILED and quit recording. When I checked my photos the video would appear as a black box with an exclamation point on it. Pushing play only results in a still picture of the exclamation point and nothing else. If I happen to find a way to fix this I will edit this post to include any additional information. Purchased this for extra space on my Nook HD+ tablet. This is the issue I am having: when you insert in computer (OS WinXP) it asks to format. Once done, no issues. You insert into Nook HD+ and it asks to format so to use it you have to format it. Essentially, you'll lose everything you have on it. Insert back into computer and you get the message asking to format again. You can use on computer or Nook not both. Format on FAT32 which should not be an issue for either electronics. Did not have this problem with a SanDisk microsd card. Unable to format on first one Unable to format on second one Probably a bad batch, but c'mon don't you test this junk? Obviously not at $5, guess you get what you pay for. I am an IT Pro and tried many ways to format both cards, from many computers and many different readers. Thanks for the cheap stuff, but I will be glad to spend twice the money on something that will work. I will never myself buy nor recommend anyone else to buy any memory, RAM or Flash or any other derivative from Kingston, ever. I have a Flip Pearl 8230. The card takes a few seconds too long to save camera shots (and start the video camera too...) than I'm comfortable with. So in frustration, I went to Costco yesterday, and bought a Sandisk 8gb card. It is sooo much faster than the Kingston. Maybe I should have checked it more carefully... maybe the card isn't made for my application? I don't know the technical specs.. Class 4 SDC4/8GBET... it's all Greek to me. My phone does recognize the whole card. It's just... too..... darn... slow....... I recommend this product. I always use Kingston SD, they are excellent No complaints here. After pulling my hair out trying to get the Transcend Class 6 8 GB microSDHC I bought working with my HTC Touch Pro (it's also a great card, just seemingly incompatible with my phone) I was relieved to find that this card just worked. Apparently some devices don't take too well to Class 6 cards. Amazon's Frustration-Free Packaging is AWESOME, you just open an envelope and out pops the microSD card in a small, easily opened protective plastic case. The packaging on its own could earn 5 stars. I'm using teracopy (google iT) for windows xp, and I'm copying only 1.32 GB. I started at 9:40 pm and it's 9:53 and only 70% have been copied... As US s's say: "do the maths" hehehe. But that's the only CONS. I'm pleased. Buying another 4 GB card from another manufacturer, post later. Using it with the elago micro card reader: elago Mobile Nano II USB 2.0 microSDHC Flash Memory Card Reader (Black) Sorry!!! I'm copying FIREFOX PORTABLE so THAT'S the problem. The card it's ok!!! First of all, I've seen a lot of SD cards imitations, so let me tell you this is an original Kingston micro SD. I bought it to expand the memory of my Samsung Galaxy S4. It doubled it's memory space... which is perfect because I'm used to taking a lot of pictures and videos, plus I download music to it. It's not expensive at all... mostly when I saw this same product at the store for $30! I highly recommend it if you need to expand your device's memory -Android or Tab-. Exactly as described, works as expected. Definitely worth the money. Great device! Use it in my security system and have had no problems. works fine, just what I expected ,received it quickly, good service. This is most definitely the best Micro SD card I could find for the price. I've been using it in my HTC Evo for a good 2 months now and haven't had any issues. It was a fairly simple process to transfer the data over from my old card and then, after plugging it into my phone, everything came right back up after a few minutes. Furthermore, the card worked fine even after I rooted my phone and installed the Cyanogen Mod, so I'm pretty confident in this card's reliability. Overall, it's a good deal. I was looking for a 8gb card to replace my 4gb one, and this is the product I chose. There's not too much that can be said about a microSD card, but so far it works perfectly and gets the job done. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it's not the fastest card. It took about 5-7 minutes to transfer 2gb onto it. I appreciate Kingston though because I bought it on Monday and it was in my mailbox on Thursday. Overall, it's a reliable product with a reasonable price tag. This card is excellent. Arrived got the "made in japan" ver which I wanted to use with my M3 DS Real. It works really good. The card is really, I never actually seen one before. Its a amazing how far technology has come... anyway, came pre-formated FAT32 make sure you have a MicroSDHC or SDHC reader normal SD and MicroSD readers will not read this just a warning to all those and too people who complained thats it wont read because you dont have a SDHC reader, thats the problem. I purchased this to upgrade the memory of my Blackberry Curve 8900. I was able to put about 750 songs, tons of pictures and a number of movies/tv shows on my phone and still had room to spare. If you plan on having a large number of movies on your phone at once I would suggest getting a card with higher storage but I only ever needed 2-3 on at a time. Playback of music and movies was fantastic. Had this card for over a year and it is still going strong. Highly recommended. -AJC Well, Theres nothing much to say here, not on a negative way, but its a class 4, so the speed is average, but you don't need that much speed when taking pictures or filming video, or while listening to mp3's on your cellphone. But rather when transferring files from the computer to an external device. Hopefully in a year or so, we'll have usb3.0 which should fix transfer speeds. Oh, and its a kingston, which has a lifetime warranty which backs up your purchase. My husband and I each got one of these for our phones and use them instead of cables to transfer photos and ringtones. They work great for that and it's very convenient to just take the card out of the phone and put it in the adapter then into the sd card slot on our computers and just drag and drop instead of using cables and having one more thing to have to plug into our hubs. So far, I haven't ever used up all the memory on the card. We both use LG phones. Perfect for my GPS system. My Garmin Nuvi 3597LM recommended no larger than 8GB so that is what I purchased. The updates and map updates were pushing the limit and now I can download anything I want extra for it. Great price on Amazon and even got it on Sunday with Amazon Prime. Came in frustration free packaging from Kingston which is always a plus. I love Amazon Prime. Might need the adapter someday but it was included and may come in handy someday. Kingston memory has been around for a while so I know it is a respectable manufacturer. I am using it to hold music for my Garmin nvi 295W and have no issues. It came with 7.41 gb. The transfer rate is a little slower then standard SD card at 1 to 1.5mbps when I was copying files via usb connection. I got it at Frys on sale at the same price here with 5 rebate and no shipping cost, then to buy things under 40 at store. for work This december '09 while i was on vacations on miami, i qualified for next day delivery program with amazon.com, so i bought it on Dec 30 and it arrived around january 4th which is very disappointing. The microSD memory card comes with and SD adapter card to be inserted, for easy plug on any computer reader port. So far i have been using it for almost 1 month without any complaint. 4GB is enough space to use with personal digital cameras. Mine didn't work. Been a while since I bought it so I didn't realize right away. I bought it use in a phone, but it wouldn't read it. I put it in the adapter and tried on the computer. Wouldn't read there either. I gave 2 stars instead of 1 because I didn't bother to contact the seller since it's been so long and who knows, they may have replaced it. I bought a different one at a local store because I needed it quickly at that point. As an owner of the HTC Touchpro and Samsung Propel, I was frustrated with the limited memory on each device. This memory card solved the problem, allowing me to easily transfer data between both as well. Works perfectly, setup was a simple as plugging the card in either device. The Micro SD adapter is great as well, allowing me to easily transfer photos onto my laptop. I cannot think of a cheaper way to get extra flash memory than this. Gives me enough space to store necessary in the cell phone. I decided to pay a little more for the 8 GB card and am very pleased with my decision. I bought it for my Blackberry for taking pictures and movies, and also storing music. But it was large enough for me to back up all of the pictures and documents from my home PC - all on this tiny little card (and I can carry them with me). Seemingly good quality, I would recommend Kingston and also buying the largest storage capacity you can afford. It works! What else is there to say about flash memory? If it works, I guess it could work poorly or intermittently but the Kingston 8 GB flash memory works and it works quickly, without error. If you are looking for a lot of memory in an SD card and do not want to refinance your house to get it, this is what you are looking for. Buy it already! They have a warranty too, not like you are going to use it, but they do. Just buy it! Quite pleased with. My dilemma was that I wanted to transfer photo images from my digital slr camera which is older and uses a compact flash card to my Galaxy Tab 4 pad which only takes a micro SD card. I did have to purchase a compact flash adapter which accepts a SD card, thus allowing me to use the Kingston SD with microSDHC inside of the compact flash adapter. I have now run a few hundred pics through it without any problems. it works well, good speed, and 8gigs good enough for my price budget at the moment, or i would have got a 16gig. Kingston is a great brand, and worth the few extra bucks. Also, refrain from formating a sd card with windows, get the Panasonic D/SDHC/SDXC Memory Cards Format Software from their website, it's free, small, safe and it formats the card the way it's meant to. Simply Google Panasonic sd formatter. it will be the #1 link. My wife and I each have an Android phone. When I decided to use the phone in lieu of an ipod, I realized that the 8g card that came with the phone would not be enough - though I only synch some of my playlists with the phone. I ordered this card from Amazon on Thanksgiving, and it was delivered the next day by messenger by 5pm. I was able to move everything from my old microsd card, and install this one in less than 30 minutes. Since most phones now a days except for Sony Ericsson's use a micro SD card as the expansion slot, this was the best card for the budget. It worked with no hiccups on my new HTC Fuze from at&t. I've had it for about a month now and it's going strong. Never had a write error. Speed seems fine for a pocket PC, although i haven't compared this to a class 6 memory card. Bottom line: Good amount of memory for the price. Nice. Very nice stuff. Popped into my brand-new Nokia N8 and it worked right away. Without a hitch. Saved a bunch of pictures on this card, saving process is smooth and fast. No hiccups. Works for me pretty well. I'm a big fan of Kingston products: laptop and desktop memory, different kinds of flash and USB memory cards\sticks and so on, and so forth. Got this microSD card cheap!!! For $49.98 shipping & handling included!!! one thing i'm glad for is this product works rite out of the box, not only it works but it also do a great job: HC? yes, fast? yes, but not that fast cuz it's only class 4, but hey, beware of your own electronic that can handle up to a certain of classes. Kingston brand is alrite, i have couple products of it and they last for a quite a while, well it lasted longer than PNY and Sandisk. bottom line: good product to own. For now, 8GB is enough for my phone, but I'm sure I wouldn't be able to say that in the future. The fact that this is a class 4 device is very important because of the speed. There are others which are slower and less expensive, but this is worth it. One key item is that it's also made in Japan. There are others which are other classes and not made in Japan. The quality of those not made in Japan are not as good. Arrived on time and well packaged. Works as advertised. It was a great price so much better then in your local cell phone store and the delivery was fast, my teenage daughter is very happy, she got one of her phones wet and it died but the card is fine so now it is in the next phone and she had NO loss of her mp3 or mp4 she is getting a new phone next month to replace these two hand-me-downs and we took the card over to the store and it worked great in the new phone too. This memory card works with my T-Mobile G1. Did not get it when I was promised because it most likely got lost in the mail but Amazon send another on by next day air and I have to say that I really like the service at Amazon. The card was not recognized by my card reader so I had to buy a new one capable of reading sdhc cards. So if you're going to use a card reader to access the card buy a sdhc capable card reader. Everyone knows Kingston. It's one of the big brands in the memory world (whether it be RAM or flash memory). This card isn't a class 10 card or anything like that, but at class 4, it does just fine at most tasks. I recommend it for anything not requiring super fast write speeds (do not get this for taking high speed photos -- get a higher class). Cheap and worth the purchase. I use the memory for GPS maps and cell phone apps / photos. Just looking at the specs the 4GB and class 4 you'd think it was a bottom feeder. I have a class 10 32GB in my Samsung S4, then I installed the 8GB Class 4 - no noticeable difference!. After moving all the apps / photos to this smaller class 4 card, I never used more than 4 GB - so why pay more for memory you don't use and speed you don't need. This Class 4 Flash Memory device works as expected. I use it primarily on my HTC Touch Pro (Raphael) and sometimes on my PS3 via included adapter, I have not run into any buffering issues during video or audio playback yet. I use this mainly for medium to large media files which are only streamed back to the device in use. I have not done much read/write testing with non-media files such as documents. I bought it for my Samsung Galaxy S3 but at the end it caused me more problems that it was serving for something. The phone didn't recognised it, when it recognised the card it was for a while. May be the card is good but definitely not for Samsung smart phones. I keep the card but at the end I have no use for it as I bought Sandisk 8GB ultra class 10 which is working just fine with Samsung devices. Good build quality and speed. This microSD card and adapter worked perfectly for my digital camera. The microSD card fits snugly into the adapter and the adapter has managed to stay in one piece unlike many other of my microSD to SD adapters. This was a very decent product and I'm sure Kingston has and will have similar well-built products to offer that are more suitable for today's memory needs I use the microSDHC for a TMobile G1 Android phone and it works without a hitch. I also tried the SD adapter for a digital camera (Canon G9), and used that with a SD-CF adapter for a Canon Rebel XT. Everything worked without any problems, and the performance lags that result from multiple adapters are minimal (hardly noticeable). It is a handy card to have if you own and use multiple devices. I was a little nervous when I ordered but I received the product and it was exactly what I ordered in new packaging as indicated. The memory card arrived much sooner then I thought it would and was shipped in appropriate packaging to avoid damage. I will never hesitate to use this company for product purchase. The memory card holds everything I need it too and I can still add pictures to it. Hi everyone who ever has/had business with [...], it was really a pleasure to get my first purchase from this online store at very reasonable price, very fast shipment and not too costly. The product itself-Kingston miniSD-is a good tool as for camera that I purchased together with the card as well as for my mobile phone memorry. The package was safe enough. Thank you for contribution. A I bought this microSD card for use with my Nintendo Wii. Many people claim online that SDHC cards do not work in Wiis and that the card can not hold more than 4 gigabytes. A friend of mine was using this card for his Wii despite these claims, so I decided to order one. All I have to do is put the micoSD into the full sized adapter and it works fine. It is well worth it for the price. Put it in my Samsung Galaxy S2 and moved all the files I could on to it. It seems to have sped up my phone a little! It's nice that it comes with the adapter too so I can transfer files to my computer or pop it into my camera if I need to. Cheap and seems to work great! It's not one of the fastest cards out there but it's defiantly one of the cheapest for the size of 16GB. Awesome reliable brand and works fast at saving to Please take a look at the speed test on [...] The card performs 3.09 mb/s (write) 3.79 mb/s (read) Class 4 means, it's suppose to perform at 4mb/s. You are better off buying an a-data class 6 microsdhc for the same price which performs at 9.28mb/s (write), 15.3mb/s (read). That said, the card does work. If you don't care about performance, this is a great card. This card works fine in my Garmin Nuvi gps as a full size SD card and works just as well in my Sprint phone as a micro SD card. It also works in my wifes Canon camera flawlessly. What more can I say? It works as promised and arrived earlier than promised. That is why I keep coming back to Amazon.com. Did I mention that it was at least $4.00 cheaper than local sources? There is nothing brilliant to be said for a tiny chip of flash memory. My researched it and compared prices, and he paid for it. It arrived within 36 hours of the order, which impressed me more than the product itself. He stuck it into his MP3 player and it works just fine as a drive separate from the built-in memory. Interesting but nothing spectacular about that. I ordered this for a Samsung Tablet. Works great. My son got a new phone and needed a micro SD card. I originally priced this same card at [...], and they wanted a lot more money for it. Searched several other sites, and then checked Amazon, where I should have looked in the first place! Great product, great service, and (with Amazon Prime membership) free two-day shipping on ALL ORDERS, with NO MINIMUMS! This rocks! This memory card works as it should. It is used in a LG ENV Touch phone. I take 10-20 picture a day, record and play music and videos. The card accesses quickly with no read errors. I chose Kingston because I have used them in the past with no problems. You can find cheaper off brand SDHC memory cards however you will get what you pay for. I recomend this card. This Little Card does the Job Well. In testing the card in a Camera, the card passed all my tests, ranging from Close up Macros, to diffent size pics and it performed as expected and needed. The Model in which I used is Olymus Stylus 6000. I love the Size at 8 gb, and would order another if needed in the Future. This card is Highly Recomended for compatablity. bought this product for my wife's and my cell phone. Eternity from Samsung service provider ATT. It was installed without any problems, transering data from our pc to the memory card is not a problem, listing music or storing other data. Have not played with transfering video data yet. I would recomend the chip for the cell phone use without any problem. Shah. I bought this to go with my Sansa Clip+ mp3 player. Holds lots of music, and integrates well with the music player. Easy to use either with the SD adapter or in the device. I love it that the amount of music that used to fill a cardboard carton's worth a LPs (that weighed a ton and was a pain to move) will now fit on something the size of my fingernail. I bout this for use as a thumbdrive card with elago Mobile Nano II USB 2.0 microSDHC Flash Memory Card Reader (Black)and i have also used it with mySamsung H200 Full HD Camcorder with 20x Optical Zoom (Black). It transfers well and is able to record full HD video. I will update if card fails as far as longevity is concerned. I can remember when 640k seemed like all the memory you could ever need. We've come a VERY long way since those times. Great price on this card. Not the fastest available, but more than adequate for use in my Nokia E71. Can take a while to move 8GB of data but once you've done so, access is quick and painless for my music and data files. Highly recommended. What can I say? 4GB microSDHC class 4 flash memory card. I'm using it in a Mikrotik RouterOS device to store log files so this card is always being written to. It's performed flawlessly in a constant use environment for a while now. Please note that it has been getting a lot more use than it would in a camera or phone or any device like that. Highly recommended. I bought 2 of them, when I tried to format it on windows, it froze my PC.. and left the MScard icon on my computer.. when I tried on Linux, it loaded quickly and format and so, but do the same on windows.. dont think it a OS problem cuz I have more memory like this. I tried to changed adapter but none of what I did work.. I'm Still trying to fet it work, though. Worked fine for a little bit (Galaxy S4 phone). Ended up having issues viewing pictures in the gallery. Eventually tried to use it on my computer and it was inaccessible and could not be formatted either - being useless. Could not return since it was outside the return window. Was attracted to the price being lower than others, will avoid Kingston from now. This microSD card works perfectly for my Nextel Blackberry curve. I am able to watch movies, play music, and view family pictures because of this little gadget. Its wonderful. No problems with fit form or function. Thank you AMAZON for having such a great product and at reasonable price! I bought one for me and a friend. No problems from his side as well. I bought a cell phone that I was supposed to be able to download music from my computer to the cell. Verizon assured me all I needed was in their package. Not true. I bought this product. It was delivered i a timely fashion and was all it was supposed to be. Installed the software, that came with it, and I then downloaded with NO problem. first class supplier This is the best class 4 / 8GB for the money. Very quick standard delivery. Reason for a 4 rating rather than a 5 -- S&H cost excessive as usual (65 cents USPS charge / $4.70 total). Installed in my Nook eReader and was recognized / ready immediately. Reason for NOT going with the "free" card reader bundle -- Another, additional, excessive S&H cost. I didn't give this a Five Star because although the card itself works well, the adapter for some reason is not working. When inserted into the multiple devices I tried it on, none of them were able to read the card. It's not really a huge problem because I had other adapters that worked with the card. Still, for the price I think it was well worth it. Contains less storage than other 8 GB SD cards. This one is only 7.21 GB compared to my other cards which are 7.42 GB. The is annoying when you backup Raspberry Pi images because none of my 8 GB image files can be stored on these cards because there is not enough room. I guess if you only buy these cards then it doesn't matter or for a camera these cards should be OK. When using the adapter the cards seem slower. Excellent product, works 100%, arrived in perfect condition, very good seller, I recommend it to the whole community of amazon ... Thanks for your merchandise. MUY BUENA works but isn't all that fast in terms of transfer speeds. Exactly what I expected! Very Good! I loved the product its great Perfect, no problem. Delivered on time. Thanks. excellent Its good for most phones that need a memory card to start out with. Some phones don't all recognizes that it was install. Everybody knows that Kingston is the better brand in Memories. Good product! excelente Arrived promptly and work fine in my garmin. excelente nice Nice class 4 micro sd card for my cellphone's storage. Comes with a nice plastic case to hold everything. Fast shipping can't complain I would buy again. Great Perfect.. Good Very good price and was shipped fast. Just wish it had a higher Class Flash rating. excelente Card is being used for my GoPro camera. Perfect Fit and nice storage capacity. Delivered quicker than the estimate. A+. Great! Genuine Kingston, works great on my micro camera. Camera maker suggest Class 4. It appears to be good in a video camera's internal VCR feature. I'm very pleased with its performance. Ordered 2. but one of the adapters has a loose lock. Tape might fix it, but I just use the one that is good. As a card it works great Stopped reading like a month or two after I got it. Computers don't even recognize it anymore. Excellent product good Typical SD card! I have no problems with this product did not geat it good Great price seems to be working as advertised First off, the product itself is good if you're actually getting what is listed here. Buy from Amazon direct or someone who fulfills through Amazon. Be careful of third party sellers- for this and any other SD card sold on Amazon Marketplace. Quite a few aren't genuine. Also, be sure to check the prices on this type of media. I got a bunch of these sold by Amazon a while back for $5 each. That's a decent price. $8 or more (which is what it's currently going for) is not. The card themselves are good. They're not what I'd call super fast but they're fine for shooting 720p video and taking pictures. Most smartphones and tablets will work just fine with one of these. If you're shooting from a DSLR or full HD camcorder, you probably want at least a class 6. Kingston makes good memory, but unfortunately is one of the more prevalent faked brands (the others being ADATA and Samsung). They'd probably add some sort of security feature to their product if it was worth doing so, but these are so cheap it would probably kill their profit margin. It does the job connect various micro SD adapters into this and popping into my computer the right and read speeds seem okay not really fast and not really so can't complain great buy magic stick that holds lots o porn ! Kingston 4 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/4GB GOOD QUALITY AND EXCELENT IMAGE Needed this for my phone. Price is very good. Good merchandise. I recommend I got a new cell phone, and instead of transferring over the same 1GB microsd card I've had for the past four or five years, I decided to upgrade to something with a little more room. So far, it's worked. It's mainly storing pictures and videos on my phone. Unless you're looking for something specific, I think this will meet the needs of the everyday person. SUPER should have bought a faster card the prices have gotten ridiculous and was happy to find these..... Great, work just fine and was easy to install. No problem with it at all. I would certainly recommend these chips but they are easy to lose. Works great! I needed one for my GPS, and this answered my storage problem on the GPS fantasic works great shipping was great :) good Great Quality for the price. I love kingston always have. They are a great bang for your buck. Great quality and had no issues with this card. Highly recommend it. Very good! Worked great in my camera. good Excellent. Used in the adapter for camera memory while in Scotland and Ireland. At end of day used micro card in Asus tablet (also got on Amazon) to upload by wi-fi to cloud (camera has no wi-fi, yes it is that old ;0) Gave ease of use and mind. Performed flawlessly. Bought a samsung camera and got this for it to store all the pics instead of using my phone. Like the SD adapter with it was it just slides right into the SD port on my laptop!! VERY CONVENIET!! It works perfectly... The product came very fast (I live in Brazil) and well packaged. I recommend buy it. Loving all my orders that have arrived so far since last week up to yesterday. But I love that I can buy this microSDHC flash memory SDC4/8GBET Card. I use these in my tablet, lap top and cameras. Thanks Amazon Again. Just lay in my bed and order these cheap excellent working electronics! Good product This was bought for my mother's boyfriend. A photographer. He loves it. Its a very good buy and came in at a quick pace. I ordered this to upgrade my wife's phone. Item arrived exactly as described, just took some file transferring to make it compatible with her phone. I'd only get it if absolutely necessary as an upgrade. I think this product does the job and has a good price-value can buy with confidence that will not disappoint Great product and just enough space for my phone and camera. Recommend to those that just need a little more space than 8 GB Designed for high-quality digital and still cameras Minimum transfer rate of 4MB/s Supports FAT32 file format Lifetime warranty, free technical support I like my purchase! I only started using it about a month ago, so I still have to wait to see if there are any defects. However, I bought it for my Samsung tablet and I must say that I have not experienced any issues thus far. good morning, I received the product which I do not get the full amounts requested ... 3 of Kingston Digital 16 GB Class 4 microSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter (SDC4/16GBET) and only came 2 need to know what is the procedure to apply for the missing item Not much to say. It's memory and it works for added capacity in my Garmin Nuvi GPS. The SD-sized holder is nice in case I want to use it in an other device that needs that card size. They were a good price for what I needed. The picture came out clear and they worked in all my cameras. I ordered two of these for me and my boyfriend. This is a great price and we put our old micro sd cards in the cases provided. I alos love that it comes with an adapter so I can easily transfer files to my computer. well packed, the 100% of items purchased are functional. i recommend this product to short cellphone business man, and for personal use. I bought this for my Garmin. It fit perfectly. Looks/feels like good quality flash memory card and the price is right. I purchased two microSD cards by two different makers. Kingston brand and another, lesser known brand. The Kingston went into my husband's LG 800G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone) and was recognized as external memory immediately (3.4 GB - not 4 GB, but that was expected as there is always some space loss due to operating system access). The included adapter worked as it should too, allowing me to load music onto the card from my Windows PC. By contrast, the other brand ( Patriot LX PRO Series Class 10 40MB/s UHS-1 32GB MicroSD Card at a faster speed and bigger size, had issues. Kingston is a brand of quality memory products that I've used since building PC's in the 90's to present day. This product, like other SD and flash drives by Kingston that I currently own, is excellent quality and as described. Don't hesitate to buy it if you want a microSD card that works as it should, out of the box. Has not given me any problems and has performed exactly as expected. Adapter provided is also reliable and has not broken yet. i got it in 2 days its grate just put it on my phone and worked perfectly and it was cheaper here then in anywhere else A good price for reliable, increased storage capacity for digital devices like mp3 players that can't use more expensive, high speed flash cards. It works really good in my cellular phone Samsung Galaxy S3 mini. I'm going to recommend it. don't hesitate, take it I bought this to go into my at& t radiant cell phone and it works perfect. Lots of storage so I can download lots of music and applications a MUST BUY. You cant buy a 4 gb card for under $10 and this was only $15.99 Simply put it is a great item for the price. Quality, no issues whatsoever, delivered quickly, no complaints at all. It works at first, but don't get too comfortable. It failed in just over a year, with no warning. One day it was perfectly fine, the next dead. When checking my files for a song I noticed something was off. So I opened the music player (Neutron MP) I saw all of my music was not registering. I went into settings to check the storage and saw "Mount SD". It was mounted on saturday, why is it unmounted on sunday? At first I thought it was some kind of OTA update that crippled Sd card function. When I went home, I decided to test some of my old memory cards. They worked. I purchased the IO Gear card reader/writer. It read my older cards just fine. Not the Kingston 16GB. Nothing, Nada. Zilch. I even tested my flash drives, which are approaching six years in age with the OTG cable. They worked. The Kingston? Dead. It works great in the new Blu Dash Jr cell phone I bought for my wife. No problems putting in. The Micro SD Flash Card and Adapter is used to save mp3 files for our automobile car radio. The radio has a Micro SD slot and we can store many thousand of mp3 files in different folders to play. We discontinued XP radio after using this card and the radio's ability to play mp3 songs. I consider that It came in well packeged in a hard envelope. Since I thought it would be in the blister but not. It came in excellent conditions. Also it good timing. I have a mini speaker that calls for a microSDHC. I can load up a ton of music on here and listen literally all day to music. Easy to use and has never failed to work properly. this gives extra memory to the BLU studio 5.5 phones we each got i like it just fine you can get higher memory if you want, but what a deal Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GBET good product, easy to use, fit in my voice recorder. This set was great for downloading music from the laptop to the Mp3. It was nice to be able to get both cards in the same set. This item is exactely what i needed and it came at a moct approiate time , works great , does exactly what i need done when i need it done . Thank you. It works. That's all it needs to do. No tricks, no gimmicks. Nothing flashy. Worth the price if you need the micro. Nothing to complain it seems working fine, I'm using it with my Nikon L26 Coolpix though writing may take 1-2 seconds per photo, it is what you should expect since it is Class 4. This is the very best price I have found for a chip of this capacity and quality. I have repurchased 3 times. Highly recommend. It is a micro SD card and it works, what else do you need to know? An 8 Gigabytes Secure Digital High Capacity (SDHC) memory card and that works on portable devices as a memory extension, just as advertised. Also you gotta love Amazon and their "Frustration-Free" packaging The micro SD card worked great, but only when i used another adaptor. The included SD adapter didn't work at all! Usually I have great luck with Kingston products, but this one was dead in no time. If it wasn't for google backup, I would have lost many valuable photos. Also, I kept wondering why my Samsung note was locking up frequently and having to restart, well the culprit was this SD card. Replaced the card and tried to read it in the laptop and nothing. Completely unreadable. Hope there is a good warranty for replacement. Purchased this for a Android tablet and had no issues. Have not used the adapter yet but wanted to have that option just in case. Work as advertised. Great price for this product . Primarily used in a canon camera for picture storage and transfer. It works and you get the space you need at a decent price. Speed is good enough for my GPS. I purchased the upgrade for my Galaxy S4, which I knew they kinda got me on anyway, but it was over double what this one is, AND I had major issues with it (it erased ALLLLLLLL my pictures on it and I haven't been able to get them back) This one has had zero issues, works in all the formats I have used, and the adapter is very handy Exactly what I needed for the recorder I purchased. Great price, quality is also great. Can't recommend it any more highly. Perfect. Great price, great size. It was a gift and she loved it so much. 100% recomended. The only thing was that the box was too big for it. Bu en pro duc to re co men da do fe li ci ta cio mes SA lu do s I didn't read all the reviews for this product before purchasing, so I'm waiting to see if it craps out at some point. What I'm unhappy about is the Shipping charges which were $8 for an $8.28 product. Charges weren't included in the info, but on the receipt received after purchase. Don't appreciate being 'price gouged" thank you! Will add another review is the product doesn't work well. Lesson learned. I am not a fan of micro cards, they are hard to get in and out, but this one works very well in my application. I have been using Kingston cards and memory since they started making them and I have never had a problem with them. True-to-form, this one works well. I leave it in the parent unit and access it through a USB connection through the parent device. The computer sees it as a mass storage device so I can copy, move, delete, and perform every operation that I can with my other mass storage devices. The item was well packaged, the shipping was fast, and the item arrived in perfect shape. What can I say, its incredible that a piece of plastic and copper that weighs less than a bottle cap can holds that much memory, my first hard drive held 250 MB and weighed three pounds. I love this card, bought five of them and getting two more. I had to buy for a electronic unit and has worked flawlessly, haven't had any data loss or any other problems. Like the locking mechanism so doesn't accidently overwrite something on it. I just received this today. It was formatted and ready to go. I was able to drop files to the card with no problems. It came intact and works as expected. I got what I paid for. What more could I ask for? Works great with my phone and I am happy. Card works great. Been using for several weeks. No complaints. Currently using it in a car video DVR. I've had no problems. Good product. Arrived on time. Product performs as described. Does the job I intended it to do. Would recommend! An inexpensive memory expansion for my Roku 2XS. 2GB would probably have sufficed, but they are now scarce and not significantly cheaper. This microSDHC has all what you would need from this kind of storage media. Good quality, nice packing, perfect functioning. It even comes with an adaptor if you want to use it as a larger SD card. Have worked perfectly and are a great value for the price I paid! Would recommend to anyone looking for a 16 GB microSD card. This card lives in my Garmin 810 cycling computer and holds multiple versions of maps for all of the US and plenty of more room to spare. I needed a flash card for a portable scanner I purchased. I didn't know how many pages I needed to copy so I went for the 16GB capacity. It worked as advertised. I bought this as a gift for my brother, after purchasing one for myself. It's great. He was very happy to get it. Only reason I gave it 4 stars is that I thought it'd be fast to transfer files, but it's fine. It works great with my tablet and easily does the job. I used this card with my Kubik Evo MP3 and I have more than enough memory. I recommended this flash memory to anyone. La uso con mi Kubik Evo MP3 y tengo mas que sobrada memoria. se la recomiendo a todo el que desee comprar con buen precio y excelente calidad. The company had no instructions included with it, and didn't show first time user what it could or could do once installed. Failed short of my expectations as a selective customer as to price and quality. I returned product, may be great for someone else, but not for me in my application, I had ordered it to meet. like any other kingston sd card i bought so far, this one works fine and is does a good job Good afternoon wanted to verify with pcs if my product was shipped for-XCSOURCE  cargador de batera externo del caso protector de la cubierta con el soporte para Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini GT-i8190 NegThanks I bought the small Kingston 4 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card to replace a defective SD card in one of my radio scanners, and it works great. It benchmarks well above Class 4 specs, and only cost me $5. Highly recommended. It works in my phone so its fine. Packaging was fine - there is nothing bad I CAN say at this time. This was purchased for a smart phone and I searched for one I could afford and this was by far the best deal What else can I say? Just to be clear, you are buying the tiny flash card to the right in the picture, and it plugs into the big card on the left (which does come with), so that it can do double duty in both standard SD and microSD. You are not buying two cards. If you aren't sure if you need microSD or standard SD, this is a good product to buy, because you more or less get both for the price of one. Gave it to a friend and like it so much because she has more room in her cell phone. thanks It is what we wanted. We can now save all our photos. I would recommend it to my family and friends. you can never have too much memory with the micro card & adapter you can put it your comp. or printer to view pics. or movies. Great item at a reasonable price. Very happy with this purchase. Now I am going to get a 64 GB for my phone and tablet. This item was given as a gift to a person who ordered an MP3 player that needed more memory. Works great all very well as indicated thanks for everything hope to continue buying soon. the team works very well and arrived with all its accessories works perfectly out the box no problems id gladly buy this item again and recomend it to anyone looking for some extra space on their phone or other devices This did the job I needed (helping jailbreak my phone), but it sure is hard to remove the microSD card from the slot. Make sure you've got something sharp like an exacto knife around. This was exactly what I needed to get my Garmin to work better. The chip confuses my computer when I am upgrading my maps, but it does what it should. works great! i had no problems installing it. it fits and work with both my cell and tablet. Am satisfied with the quality for such good prize. This is an amazing price for a great piece of hardware. It isn't huge for storage space, but I didn't need anything too big. Arrived on time and in working order. Satisfied. Purchased this for a tablet. Works fine and was not to pricey! Able to store more files on the tablet now. IT WONT HOLD TOO MUCH STUFF, I THINK IT'S AN 8GB NOT A 16GB I CANT LOAD MORE STUFF ON IT, IT SHOWS THAT IT'S HALF EMPTY, SO I TRY TO LOAD MORE COMICS OR VIDEOS AND IT WONT SHOW. THIS MIGHT BE A F@KE. THANKS I got this for my tablet to expand the memory. The card installed with no problems and thanks to the SD adapter I can take the card out and move photos to my computer very quickly and easily. Was delivered on time and works perfectly. It fits nicely & the sd adapter works great in my pc. I have no complaints. I bought this memory card, thinking that it would great with Android smartphone (Galaxy S3). And it work well for a couple of months until one day when my phone noticed me that there is a problem with the memory card and it has to be replaced. OF course, I've lost all my pictures and other files which were saved on this card. I tried to format it but that didn't work either. A few weeks ago I inserted it again in the smartphone and it was working like nothing happened in the past. Today, it stopped working again...I will never bother to put it back into my smartphone. My phone overheated and borked the micro-SD. After trying to restore it and just dealing with no storage for an embarrassingly long time, I ordered this one as a replacement. Worked immediately with no setup at all, and it's twice the size of my old one. I'm a happy camper! (And I no longer use GPS while my phone is plugged into the car charger....sigh.) My own did not work. I ended up throwing it away. What a waste of money. So sad! ! ! Been using this for a year and it been working amazing! Using it in a samsung galaxy tab, all my files are still there and transferring files is super easy. Great starter memory card if just need some space or if you don't usually keep large files on the tablet. Got a great price on it. Works as expected in Wildgame Innovations Vantage Action cam. I'm sure I'll have no apprehension in buying these again in the future. nothing to say .. only is good price and great micro i use in my smarphone and is exelent .recomende Great Product. It helped me a lot to create extra space in my electronic device. Kingston is a great brand. It never worked with the phone. So we can't use it. Turned out to be a waste of money and time This 8GB microSD memory card it's excellent for my phone, I just have music and pictures and it's very useful. Excellent for the price! Very happy with these memory cards, they are just what I needed and they are compatible with all the devices I use them for. Very happy and recommend them to any one. Currently still using after a couple months on an Android phone on a daily basis. I have videos photos and music stored. Highly recommended I bought this to go in my Samsung S3. It works great. I've been using it for several months with no problems. Great 8GB. Used this as 16GB raid expansion memory for my PSP 2000 (Old gen/not the Vita) in a Sanoxy MicroSD adapter. I fly radio controlled multi-rotor aircraft for fun. On a trip to New Zealand I am doing some flying over the ocean from a small boat. If I loose one of my rotor-craft into the ocean it's lost. I needed to buy a bunch of memory cards, so every time I land I can swap the card and go fly again, otherwise I would risk loosing all my footage. The cards are a little slow, but are fast enough for the 1920x1080 60FPS video setting of the GoPro Hero 3 Black. And of course they work in the Hero 3 White as it tops out at 1920x1080 30FPS. I got a bunch of these as an "Add On" item for $5 each! Thanks Amazon! Oh the ones I got say "Made in China" printed on them. I saw some people complaining about the Chinese made ones, but the ones I have seem fie. My son got a kiddie video camera for Christmas and I saw that the instructions said you could add a lot more capacity and actually record at higher resolution by adding one of these micro flash cards. For the price I just threw it in with a bunch of other stuff I was ordering. I didn't need the adaptor as the memory card itself fit right into the camera and worked on the first try. No issues and not much more cost than a Happy Meal. used it right away been in love with it ever since i got it..... makes great gift for someone or personal use Got it at a good price. I am satisfy with what I paid for. Arrived within a week. No complaints at all. Exactly what I needed. Price was very reasonable, arrived undamaged. Purchased to put it in my phone and it worked great. what can i say, this works very well in my G1W dashcam that I use it in. Would recommend it. i just bought it to put some music for the sanmsung sDuo so it is not stored on the internal memory kingston sd cards can always be counted for reliability and long term dependable performance. although class 10 is a better choice. Not a whole lot to review here. I purchased the micro SD card for my MiL cellphone. I installed and it works great. Packaging was good. Shipping speed was great. Can't beat the price. Exactly what I needed for my tablet. Shipped quick and exactly as described. Perfect size for my needs. Would buy again if needed. I got this for a ZTE phone and apparently the phone could not hold in the memory then i got the other chip for my camera and the camara could not read the chip haven't tried this card but should be fine. Good price as an add-on item. Good spare SD card for further use. I installed this 4 MicroSDHC because I need to enlarge the posibility of save more videos and photographs. I had an 6 GB before I bought this for my music on my mp2 player. Not much to say but it does what it should. Works well. This is a great price. No problems. Never had any problems with Kingston. I would recommend to anyone. Item it's great. Excellent price. The Card is classification 4 it's better for my Galaxy S5, function more fast and easy. it works perfectly fine no problems at all, the amount of space is just what I needed for my phone Works without paying for the Verizon pre-installed B.S. formatting included with the more expensive "pre-formatted" package. No external formatting necessary with this phone, a much better value. The large adapter was not necessary with this phone either, installation of the tiny micro card alone was very easily accomplished by following the GzOne instructions. We do not use the phone extensively, but the 16GB seems to be quite enough storage for our usage. I have used Kingston products for many years with excellent results, this card seems to measure up as well. i needed a card for my stereo so i can put songs on it and use it. Looking around and i found this one cheaper and brand that i heard of before. So far this card is working great. i have lot of room for songs and few videos. Works just fine, delivered quickly. For a pretty basic model it does the job in my 1080p camera. Can't ask for much more than that. This micro SDHC card was purchased so I could upgrade the maps on my Garmin Nuvi. More GB than I needed but the price was right at Amazon!! Comes with the adapter so you can pop it into a card reader too. This one functions good, since it is only a memory, I can not say too much about it. It's good. This was the best value I could find on a name brand micro SD card. I am constantly using this to transfer pictures and music from my phone when deployed and it works flawlessly. Dust and dirt are apparently no problem. I have been using Kingston for years with no issues and will continue to lean towards them for my memory needs. It works well with my system. Will recommend others to use the combination of SD Micro flash card. I will soon need a 64 GB. This is the best deal i've ever seen on a micro sd card,and for 8gb ,some retailers sell these exact ones for twice amount of this one,under$5,and quality is right up there with san-disk brand,also the sd adapter is included in the new sealed package.Great to stock up on. I installed this in my android phone and proceeded to migrate all my pictures and other transferable items to this card. Thank goodness I did because I ended up getting the phone wet, and upon receiving my replacement phone all of my pictures were intact! I highly recommend this card. Also, I had about 3k pictures plus other items saved to this card and it wasn't even half full. It's a good capacity to grow with and secure place to store photos. I still recommend using Google Photos to back up your photos on wifi regardless. I know so many people that lose their phones and lose all their pictures as well. This can be easily avoided! Bought this for my boyfriend's little brother as he needed a new memory card, came on time and in good condition. Does what its supposed to do and for the price, it was a good buy. This arrived quickly and is exactly as advertised , There is a micro sd card and a mini adaptor. Stuck it in my phone, works fine.... good price. First of all the price is tremendous, where i'm from, these cost up to $40. Also i love that it reads really wheter i put it in my phone, tablet or camera. My phone has never said "memory disk not found" or "not enough space" and i've had this for 2 months now. I decided to wait before i reviewed this item. Now i'm telling to take this deal and run with it cuz its a great one! This memory works great. The class 4 is what my inexpensive dash cam needs to work properly. I have always been pleased with Kingston memory. ...and Kingston...what's to say? It works and saves my files. The system is making me put in more words. So this last part was not part of the review. haha The best choice for you, buy it! Really good condition and cheap chaep price! I think 8 GB is enough for my use in the cell-phone. Yeah, it lasted for two years and gave up. Which is not bad. I love kingston and always have great memory sticks for everything. They are king making in memory sticks. So far it works great no problems here. Not a bad deal. Look and look for a flash card like this. this was just what I wanted and needed for my tablet to take pictures and for me to put on my computer. This micro SD 8-Gig card works fine in my Garmin 1390. The adapter shell will come in handy if I ever need to use it in another device requiring a standard size card. I bought this for my camera to get more memory, it seems to work just fine, I have been able to download pix, so it works as it should With these cards I can record on them the capture of my Lorex cameras recordings that I schedule. Then I can connect to my laptop to put these recordinds on a DVD. I purchased this to use with a Sansa Clip+ MP3 player. So far as I've only had this a few days it has performed perfectly. You can not put movies on this memory card but can add music and photos to use in your phone Used this to expand the memory of a Barnes & Noble nook from 1.5gb to 17+gb. The 1.5 turned out to be the working memory while the 16gb became permanent memory to which articles from the working memory could be transferred to for permanent storage.No matter. Just restore an article back to the working memory for use. Very happy with it. The flash card with SD adapter was all that I expected. It's a good deal. I would recommend it to anyone. As new products evolve they only accept SD and microSD cards. I've had good luck with Kingston and this is no exception. Good quality with excellent price I recommend it to everyone is looking for this product Thanks this will not be my first time :) Excellent memory card, I would like to send me information about the 32GB, they are very practical to store a lot of information. Thank you Very godd product. It met my expectations. Excellent quality. Delivery Washington satisfactory. I recommend This product 100%. Considers it in my upcoming purchases. It works smoothly as expected. The speed might be a little slow and I don't know whether it is because of the old camera or this memory. So you can buy it for simply job. This product was a complete waste of money. It kept malfunctioning and wouldn't format. So disappointed...I definitely wouldn't recommend this product. We use it for a point-and-shoot camera; write speeds keep up with the capabilities of the camera when taking sequential shots. Satisfied. Works as it should. It was installed in a digital camera and I had no problems. Good value for money. This micro drive is just what I needed for apps on my android phone. I have always trusted the Kingston brand. works good, i like how it comes with the large sd card. Just stick the little card into the big one and you are off!! Purchased this after getting screwed over on another SD card for my phone. Decided to spend a little more and get the name brand card. Still very good price and expands my phones memory so I can hold more pictures and videos or whatever I want. Would recommend good deal can do the job i wanted it for would buy another if needed or mabe to just have an extra I thought it was a very good purchase since the product is of very good quality and at a very good price in the same way have no complaints about its packaging since it was echo very compact and light for what the cost of it not affect the final result The Kingston 8 GB micro SDHC works fine for me.I am rewriting my review as AMAZON wanted me to add more but I am not that tech savvy all I know is they work fine and the price is good.I have bought several other Kingston micro SDHC cards with good results on all 8GB and 16GB micro SDHC cards.ALL my Kingston micro SDHC cards were purchased from ARSENAL PC all orders were what I ordered and on time delivery.I will be buying more in the future as I need them from ARSENAL PC !!! This was purchased to go with the camera I got for my nephew. Hopefully it will be enough memory to last him for a while :). So far so good :) This was a gift for a family member for Christmas. They say it works well and are happy with it. Kingston has always had good products for me. This one is just as good. It works just the way it is suppose to. I have had no trouble with working on fine on this or transfering files to or from it. This item works like it is suppose to work. I like how they have provided the adapter so that i can also plug it into other things that take the standard SD card. Good deal good price but it really don't give you 16GB I brought it for my tablet and it says I only have 14GB but it still gets the job done I rated like this, because it was exactly what I wanted and I'll recommend this product to each person that is looking a good microSD all good product came in perfect condition and at the right time and the excellent quality and a fair price I bought four of these as additional storage for my Asus Memo HD 7 tablets. Of the four I bought, three of them were usable directly out of the box. The fourth one had to be formatted before the tablet would recognize it. I have had no additional problems. No issues at all. Fast, reliable and no compatibility issues experienced. I've purchased 8 of these and use them in wireless security cams that run day and night. works great with my son's tablet, i was a bit concerned, with the price being so low, but We've had no problems with it. These are inexpensive and work very well with our smart phones. We use Samsung Centura's and they are quite low on the totem pole for smart phones, so we don't need a lot. we needed a bigger card for our camera and this is perfect...speed is great and it holds so many more photos Great product! EVERYTHING WAS OK. I RECEIVED AS IT WAS DESCRIBED. GOOD JOB ON THIS SELLING. THANKS FOR ALL. I REALLY APRECCIATE EVERYTHING I love this card, It does what was advertised - no problems. I'm thinking about getting the 32GB since this works so well, I should have done that the first time. lol It is a great item and so far it hasn't failed me. I am very pleased with it and I will buy again. The name Kingston remanes to be synonymous with the word quality in the ram and storage applications in computer technology. I have paid more for this product than the competition over the years and never been disappointed with its performance, reliability, durability and now its pricing. A very good product. I needed more memory for my phone & this did the trick. Good price too, normally they cost more. :) Works like an SD card is supposed to. I've purchased many of Kinston's products in the past and have had great results. Good product, good service. With the adapter, it is easy to load it up with songs or audiobooks and play in the device of my choice. My MP3 player uses the micro version, while the car unit uses the full size version. as a compliment to my phone, it works fine and is able to hold a lot of my music and video's great to have if you wanna store a lot of information. This adapter chip is a godsend for those with a newer smartphone who want to download photos onto their computer. The tiny 16GB phone or camera chip fits into the adapter so the user can easily slip it into their PC or laptop. Easy to use. Lots of storage space. Good little card, it's been in phones, cameras and all kinds of other devices and has always performed as expected. Not much else to say really, it just works. My Garmin has limited memory and this card worked perfect to expand the memory. It fits inside the GPS so you never need to worry about damaging it. This product offers a great amount (16 GB) of external storage space! I used it with an AR Drone for camera space. The micro card is working without any issues. The adapter card also is working without issue. Why buy SanDisk. Would purchase again. Item was as described and arrived fast. No complains on this besides that the micro card is soo small that it is easily misplaced. Put this in my phone, to hold all of my music, it seems to be working good. love the price Kingston is a good brand. I like this because i had a same brand and the product always work good No problems with this card. Loaded my data and plugged it in the table and it worked fine with plenty of additional space available.. Its slow; spend a few bucks more and get a class 10 card.. 32GB of data at these speeds takes hours to write. I've only had the sd card for about 2 weeks but it's been great so far. I'm using in my Samsung Galaxy S3 because apparently 16gb isn't enough for me. Now I can put movies/shows and books on my phone to watch and read when I'm out and about waiting for time to pass by or what not. I agree with the quality of the product received. The quality standard fulfilled my expectations. I will be shopping this same supplier. It's a class 4 micro sd. Slow but spacious and dirt cheap. Works as advertised in an old Galaxy player. The card and reader functions just as advertised. Formatted and up loaded content with ease. Packaging was easy to open and get to product. My phone is thrilled to have more memory! It is compatible with the Galaxy S3. Arrived quickly and easy to open packaging. Great price compared to some of the places on line we looked for. Would buy again for my other phone. The adapter for the bigger slot is very convenient! Very good product and the price is good as well. I would recommend this product. I bought this to put into a Nook HD+. It works great as an external storage device. I have no way to test it for speed but the class 4 card seems to work ok in the Nook. I got it used it and it worked great. no problems at all. I dont need or want to look at any other on line stores. love their products and prices. Just plug it in and works just as I expected. Works easier than it is to fill out this survey. Kingston is Kingston A lot of memory at small card good also like SD or micro sd using for camera or cellphone Man, this thing is tiny. And it comes with a reader, so you can put the card in the reader and then put the reader in a standard SD slot. I got this for my GPS, which required more memory to download updated maps. Overall, it's great. Excellent product, arrived in good condition and much better than I had imagined to make the purchase, recommend the product This is a high quality SD micro card. It works well as advertised and meets all the specifications. I believe that the price I paid was reasonable. You just cain't go wrong buying Kingston memory. Been using their products since the days when Winders 95 first hit the market. The card does exactly what is is supposed to do. It's hard to really say much more than that. I do like the packaging that essentially allows one to store the full-size adapter in it. Those adapters are so easy to lose if you don't have a good storage space for it, so that's a big plus over some no-name alternatives. Product works fine in my android phone and I get no errors. I have owned this product for a year. I owned a 2GB Kingston for a long while, this thing is excellent. It never gave me any problems. I'm glad I have purchased the 8GB MicroSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card.. The price was most definitely and big factor in my purchase but also the Kingston Brand because of the positive experience. I will remember the Kingston Brand next time I'm making an Electronics purchase next time. I think it is pretty good in this price. And I hope it can be used for one year. Thanks I got this for my cell phone. It's exactly what I needed to expand storage on my phone for music, videos and pictures. I'm using this my phone to store all my noncritical stuff and it works great, no problems noted. Haven't tried it on my SLR with the SDHC adaptor. I've never had a problem with a Kingston memory device and enjoy the very reasonable prices. This is a brand name I really have come to trust and seek out. No problems, but it's not going to inspire world peace. Put simply 'it does what it says on the tin'. I use a Sansa Clip zip just about everyday riding public transit. I got this to download Alexander Scourby KJV and still have space a plenty for songs. Price and quality are right on. Thanks! I have always used Kingston brand media and am very impressed with the 16G of stored data. I currently use the micro disk in my e-reader. Works well with no issues or bugs. The micro SD fits into the larger adapter and I am able to plug it directly into my PC or laptop. Great product! Kingston makes quality memory cards and this is no different. Easy to install and use and recognized immediately in multiple devices. Good memory. Very good product as shown in the page for a very good price !! I recommend, and hope you enjoy like me ! Im using on my GS4 ok Works well! Kingston has never failed me in any memory device I've purchased and used on my PC, camera, GoPro, etc. Bought this for my Acer A210. Plugged it in and tablet recognized it immediately. No issues reading or writing to the card. Best ran in my action camera. I have yet to fill up the space and enjoy the extra bit of room I like it and It makes my cellphone store more pics.but just bought a flash card ,why must use so many words? Very good product as shown in the page for a very good price !! I recommend, and hope you enjoy like me ! Just wanted a low cost M-SD card to put in an older generation tablet for use by a relative who is technologicaly challenged. Added some music files, video files and a couple of e-books for amusement while experimenting with the tablet. card was recognized right away and there was no problems using it. Kingston makes quality memory cards and this is no different. Easy to install and use and recognized immediately in multiple devices. Good memory. I was so happy it works gives me more storage space. It was easy to install. My tablet recognized it right away. I love it, more pictures of my grand babies can be saved. YEAH!!! It came in in short period of time, very good time and price is ok, compare to others, I like it, thanks good I have had to have this card replaced twice now. Kingston stands behind the product and has come through with their warranty, but when it dies, your data goes with it. I will not purchase another Kingston card again Well, pretty good in general. I bought it for my younger cousin and she loves it. I wouldn't worry about the class unless you're working with a camera. Great for recording audio. Won't work on something like a 4k Video GoPro recording, but it does fine for most applications. I cant get it to work in my Samsung 10.1 tablet, I put the card in but it keeps popping out and I get a message saying that it has dismounted. I dont know if the problem is with the tablet or the micro sd card. I love having the extra storage on my phone and tablet - especially for all the pictures I take! I ordered three of these and all three of them work perfectly. Now I don't have to worry about my photos taking up all the space on my phone. SD card works great and comes with the adapter. No issue being recgonized in my camera and found for a great price on Amazon. Bought it for my wifes phone instant gratitude. Thank you very much for rwcommending this product. Will continue to buy this product I love it & I use it in more than one device(FORMAT IT when you move it in that device !!!). I always save my data to my P.C. hard drive & burn to C.D. My only problem is I have random lost data & not realized it until when I tried to copy to my hard drive. I ALWAYS format the Flash Memory when I SWITCH devices ONLY. This has happen with ALL THREE devices(Motorola-phone,Panasonic(DVC) & Kodak-camera). It DOES work Very well otherwise & I like it. Never had any problem reading it with my P.C. (2014) i buy this sd card for my cell and friend , everybody love it we can save pic , or music or data Purchased this for my 4yr old daughters camera. She takes lots of pictures of everything. Holds lots of pictures and easy to use Timely arrival with fully functioning csrd. Exceeded my expecpations. The SD card adapter worked well wirh my other SDmicro cards as well. Bought to expand the memory of a Garmin GPS for updating maps. It works perfectly for a Garmin GPS, and would recommend it for a low cost memory upgrade. Needed a flash card for the dash cam that I bought. Worked perfectly. Need not say anything else. It works. What can one really say about this product. No issues works just like it should. Hate having to type as many words as they tell me to just to review. I bought this card to add storage to my new HP Android tablet. Works as expected and it's handy to have the adapter if I want to put it in the SDHC slot on my computer. I bought these memories thinking they were simple, but I've noticed that they are much better than I thought. Shipping took a little to arrive in my country, but that was due to problems with the courier service which I hired. Everything arrived in good condition. 100% operational. Thank you. To remove pictures from the Casio G'zone phones, if you cannot find a suitable usb/micro usb cable, buy this Kingston micro SD card and card reader. I bought the 16GB card. The micro SD card, slides into a slot on the cell phone that is UNDER the battery (not convenient, I know). Once the card is in place and the battery reinserted and cover snapped back on and locked, turn on the phone. Now, enter "Media Center", then "Pictures and Videos", and finally "My Pictures. Next, click on "Options" bottom right. Then click on "Manage Pictures". Now select "Move to Card". You will now be able to mark one (which you may want to do to test the process - see more below) or "mark all" pictures that you want moved to the micro SD card. Once you select "done" (bottom left of screen), you will be asked if you want the pictures moved to your card. Select "Yes" and the process begins. It should only take a few seconds for one picture and 30 to 40 seconds if you have, say 20 pictures or more. You may want to just move one picture, as a test. Once you have done this, then remove the micro SD card (try pushing it in first to unlock it), place it in the micro SD card reader, place this in your computer's SD card slot. If you have a PC, your computer will prompt you in how to open the picture. You can then save it to whatever folder you like. If you have a Mac, after placing the micro SD card reader into the computer's SD card slot, open up "Finder". You should see the SD card reader listed as an unknown device (look down the left side of computer screen). Click on the unknown device and you will see the pictures folder appear. Click on the pictures folder to view the pictures you have saved to the micro SD card. You can repeat the process to save videos and all of your contacts from your phone to the micro SD card. I can never have too much storage for my Samsung Note II. I like to keep certain media types on separate cards so I can better track how much storage they require. I keep short videos on this one and I have had no problems with access or read times. I think it is comparable to Sandisk but a much less expensive option. this card lasted only a few months, not a good return on investment in my opinion. Spend the cash and get a better card. Great Product. Very Affordable compared to walmart or best buy. I love how it brings the adapter this allows you to transfer your files without a problem. Solid, I was unsure on what memory card I needed to have as my phone is older than most smartphones circulating today but needless to say it is great to have It works. I have had quite a few of these Kingston micro SD cards from Amazon and they all have been as advertised. Would recommend. I bought this card for my Hubsan H107C quadcopter to captures video. I like it I only give 4 star because this is only class 4. Anyway had no issues with it since then and definitely would recommend it. Great product and versatile as I can use as SD card for my computer and micro SD for phone. The price was reasonable and receipt of product quick. this Kingston 16 GB 4 Micro SDHC flash card with SD adapter works perfect I have used the adapter with other micro sd cards and it worked perfectly. good i am happy with this purchase i will reccomend it to my friends the experience was to my satisfactory I ALMOST THREW THE TINY CHIP AWAY. SOME INFORMATION FOR PEOPLE NOT UP ON THE LATEST IN NEW TECHNOLOGY WOULD BE NICE. IT WAS EASY TO INSTALL AND USE AFTER I REALIZED IT WAS A MICROCHIP AND ADAPTOR. its storage, nothing too exciting to say about it other then it is storage and used in the camera.. stop Kingston is a good brand as far as external memory goes, and this microSDHC card works very well for my Samsung Galaxy SIII. I've never had a microSDHC card on my phone before, and it makes a world of difference! Comes with an adapter so you can plug the micro card into your computer. I bought this to use as expandable memory for my phone (Samsung Captivate Glide), and so far I have had no problems with it. Great deal for the price. It definitely doesn't have that flimsy feel to it. Plus, it comes with an adapter! It's a good price for 8Gb although for some people, 8Gb might not be enough. Still, great card! I realized my Galaxy S3 stopped recognizing data on my 32GB Kingston MicroSD card, then reported the card unmounted. I pulled the card and put it in a card reader on a Windows 7 workstation and the computer didn't recognize the card. All my photos and music files on the card are gone. Card isn't recognized on any device I try it in. Very disappointed, Kingston. Works as expected just a little small. I should have ordered larger size cards. The case is also very helpful for storage. Works great in the hand scanner I purchased. Kingston makes a good product at a reasonable price. When you need this go for it Not too much to say, functions as it should. Fair amount of space. Camera dies before card is full on my action cam. I used this basically to maximize the use of my phone. Not enough internal built in memory so this should be workable enough for me to take pics, video and utilize apps until I can actually back them on a larger drive. The product was great, it was what I was looking for. I would buy the same item again if I needed another SD card. Works perfect with the tablet that I sent to my mom, it's given her a lot of extra room to save all her goodies and games and stuff! Bought this a few times and its always worked great for what I need it for, for the right price! I chose this rate because they deserve it because i like that are very efficient and fast and this prodcuto you recommend it to all my friends Shopped around and this was the best price. Shopped around quite a bit and this was the best price I could find. No complaints. We needed micro SD cards, and these came in a much friendlier package than all that excessive plastic mess you find in big box stores; I didn't have to worry about severing any arteries when we opened them! Today is 4/8/14. I bought this SD card on 9/23/13. It has never geven me eny problems and I use it multiple times a day. Now the one thing to note it is a little slow. If I wanted a good reliable card I would definitely buy it again.(I'm going to try a 32 gig though). Works as promised...wish I had bought larger capacity. Not very fast but will work for storage. Do not use for video capture. the product is very good I can recommend it to my friends and some family thanks hope to buy again with you bye What can I say, there are no mechanics inside to rattle and the memory was as indicated. Price was right! I needed a micro flash card for a recent purchase. I already have several flash cards and did not want to spend alot of money for a micro. Bought this one for under 10 bucks. Good deal and I like Kingston products. I know that Kingston products are traditionally superior, and I can't vouch for the efficacy of this one as I have yet to use it. I can tell you that I ordered the product late Saturday afternoon and received it early on Monday. It doesn't get much better than that. quite useful and versatile the sd and fair and adequate memory capacity to transfer data from the camera to the PC or other devices cel I had to get one for my GPS. Price was right and works great! Now I can continue to update my GPS. This is a great micro flash card with sd adapter. It has enough room for more picturres to be stored. It's a very simple device. Just make what it's made for according to the specifications. No complains for now. Very useful for me to keep music and videos. It worked in the note book I bought. I don't know about the one for the mouse because I haven't used it So far it works wonderfully. My boyfriend uses it in his phone for music. No complaints. Hopefully we don't have any. No problems thus far! I needed it for my mom's GPS navigation device. Popped it in there and wholla, more memory. I bought this for my phone and it works great. The price made it even better. Definitely a perfect buy if you're looking for a micro SD card. Purchased to use with a Raspberry Pi micro adapter Kingston memory always formats easily and works perfectly with PC, Mac, Raspberry Pi or a camera. Added this to my Galaxy 7.0 tab, worked well as I expected. What a nice thing to be able to add 'hard drive' space to a tablet. No problems with it. Product arrived when it was expected. You should try this product it's all it was cracked up to be. bought this to replace one for my phone works great and is exactly what i wanted in a memory card Seems to work fine. I bought this for my samsung galaxy tab 3 7". Arrived intact and within a week. i liked the kingston brand, i have used it in past and hasnt let me down. i would recommend the product and brand to anyone looking for something simple but effective. It is a good quality SDHC card for the price. I bought this memory card to use in my digital voice recorder, and have so far had no problems with the card. I LOVE IT!!! My 6 year old son no longer falls off his platform bed and was very easy to put together. Shipping was GREAT!!! I purchased this for my husband Tablet. It works well and have not problems with data saved on it; great No complaints. Everything works as it is described. It fits well with the standard-size adapter. I use it in a phone. Very usefull and easy to install, the package of the tem is very simple, so reduces the cost to shippent. High qualitie! Got this to extend the mem on my smartphone. No problems, and it has allowed me to have all the apps I want. For the price and it being mostly universal, it's very good. 16GB for $10 isn't bad at all for an SD card! 16 GB is the perfect GB for taking Pictures and Video's. No more being out of storage when I go out to get some videos...and all I can say is it's working perect for me I did not notice that it is only class 4, but it works well, so i did not return that. This was a great deal. I look forward to working with this buyer again. I would recommend buying this ST card. Affordable price It is not the fastest nor the slowest memory card. Enough for a gps or devices that do not need high speed. I had previously worked with the Kingston brand products, and as always are efficient, reliable, and high quality. Select the product in the presentation easy to open, which is a very, very easy to open, compared to the classical presentation in plastic wrap. I recommend the product. A very practical way to preserve info. And with the write protection of the SD adapter, viral infections are avoided. I have had Kingston sd carsd and memory sticks before and has always worked well thank you very much ,jon Perfect usage for my samsung note 3. You can easily drag and drop from you pc in a sec. Best price so far and free 2 day delivery with amazon prime Bought this as a replacement for the dying card in my Samsung Galaxy Note 3. Pictures and files kept corrupting or disappearing. So I bought this as a lower class thinking the slower speeds will at least keep the life longer. I can't even tell the difference with the speeds. Worked like a charm! item was delivered on time as expected. I put it to use right away in my dash cam. I run my dash cam 16 hours everyday and I have had absolutely no problems with this sd card. it's capacity is huge, as I record everything in 1080 PHD. Came in a nice package that is durable plastic and I use the package as a carrying case to store the adapter and a spare sd card in my backpack. Good buy! I bought two of these, one for me and one for my wife since our 4gb cards in our phones were getting full. I started searching around for a bigger card at an affordable price and I stumbled on this little deal. I ordered 2 and they came within 4 days I formatted it to my phone and it works like a charm no problems whatsoever. The packaging is frustrating on these, as it took me a lot to open it. Once I got inside, however, it is fine. It's a good overall product, low cost and works for what it's meant for. I can't complain too much. worked for one day --- then out of the blue NOTHING. AT. ALL. ruuuude i say. don't bother buying this, you will be disappointed. I bought this for use in an MP3 player after having several others go bad on me. So far it has worked flawlessly, but I will update if that changes. The adapter and card both work as expected. They are very fine items, but what morecan you say except the Price Is Right.and you can always find some use for them. As with my other review of an SD card, there's nothing special about it. It is what it is and there's very little difference between brands. Just find the cheapest ones. I got this card for my Samsung Galaxy Blaze. It fits perfectly and has really expanded my photo storage capacity. Just like others, this SD card died on me after eight months. I lost my photos .I believe I will not but this card any more. great deal for the price can't beat it works great in my mothers phone.recommend buy when it's on sale ! I use a variety of Micro SD cards for music, photography, etc. This card is very reasonably priced and pretty quick. I probably would not use it for my digital recorder - I'd want the fastest possible card to ensure zero latency, but for capturing photos on my point and shoot camera, it works just fine. Very sturdy. It works well and was perfect for the tablet I got it for. I recommend it for anyone who doesn't need a terrible amount of space but just need a cheap card. Timely, quick delivery. Works as advertised. Nice little card...what can you ask of a cheap card...4gb is pretty great Thank you This means I have the capability to take 3000 pictures on one adapter. I do promote this product this was a good purchase I'm not sure how much can be said about a memory card but it does what it is supposed to do. For the price it is worth it. Package came within 3 days and it Works Perfect, you get 7.35 GB like all sd cards you never get the full memory, nevertheless, this is a great price. This purchase does not meet expectations, shortly after use (2 months) stopped working on my samsung s3. I do not recommend Yay! It's always great to have an easy way to back up photos and music. This little piece of technology makes it fast and simple! It worked as expected. I needed a micro card for a family members tablet. I put the micro portion into the larger SD card holder and then put it into my computer's card reader. I then proceeded to put the firmware on it and then took it out of the holder. I then put the micro SD in the tablet and restored the tablet. Worked with no issues. This tiny little card fits right into my mp3 player and has enough storage capacity to fit all my current library and then some. Great addition for inexpensive pricing! Great! I had to expand my phone's storage capacity and this card worked like a charm. Thanks amazon :) :) This product works excellent with no issues at all. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in purchasing this item. No problem downloading, only problem is that it comes with 14.6 gb not 16 but enough for 5,000 songs. Happy customer The Kingston 8 GB microSDHC did the job I wanted it to do. At a great price, as well. 5 stars! Good card read speed, and adapter is a nice addition. Came in regular packaging, not in a plastic bag or anything like that Kingston is one of the leading memory makers, and their quality (and quality control) are generally world-class. The 16GB micro is no exception. It seems to be fast, is durable, and comes with an SD adapter for use in older SD systems. I was purchasing a SanDisk Sansa and was looking at the 4 gig or 8 gig version. The price difference was around 20 dollars. However, getting this Micro SD extra storage (8 gigs worth) was only 7 dollars. Cheaper to get the smaller MP3 player and then buy an expansion than to buy the bigger player. Great value for the price! Bought this in May 2013 and it just recently randomly stopped working for my Galaxy S4. I thought maybe it was the phone at first but then I tried a few other micro SD cards and they all worked. Crappy product. Works good,transferred everything from my 8 GB to this,had no problems at all,very pleased!:-) Would buy this product in the future,having previously only Sandisk:-) I have a motion sensor camera in my pickup. With this card I have hours of recording time without having to go through and delete out the stuff I don't need. Needed a micro SDHC Flash Card for a new Olympus VR-340 Camera we took on a cruise vacation. It has better resolution than our bigger digital camera and this card has boatloads of storage. Great memory at at great price. Works flawlessly. I highly recommend Kingston memory as I have also used their memory in many computers. Works like a charm. Just what I was looking for to store extra files for my Samsung Tab 3 device. Good flash card. Does the job very well. One thing I have noticed with micro adapters, several in the past have held the micro so tight it was hard to remove. This one was OK. Now able to hold the whole US map and not just sections when Garmin updates their maps and avoids having to pick and choose a particular section of the country. Bought it to use with a SanDisk MP3 player. Good price and works well. A lot of storage in a small package. Great Love It! Good product for the price and I I like that it has a bigger memory card that comes with it to put into your computer as well. The Kingston Digital 16 GB Class 4 microSDHC card is plain and functional. Amazon's "frustration-free" packaging worked - was able to remove the card with bare hands and without injury! About 14.5 gig free after formatting. No annoying spam files were shipped with it - just a blank card. Not especially fast. took about half an hour to transfer 8.5 gigs of files to it. If you're going to use it in a camera, check to see if that's an issue. You can get a faster card. I purchased this Adapter to expanding the memory of my Garmin GPS and now have been able to include more maps into my system. I bought this flash memory card because I needed additional space to store recorded files from my new USB disk recorder. The order process was simple and easy. I had no troubles with the delivery. Overall I am very happy. I recommend this product to anyone looking for extra storage space aside from a USB or laptop. Put into a Garmin car navigation unit......worked great. Only used the micro card, so don't know if the larger adapter works. great micro sd! works good in my quadcopter. It gets 720p placed on it, for 1080p or greater though id recommend getting the class 10 this works well and is a lot cheaper than the $49.99 the cellular phone company wanted to charge.i'm glad I purchased it here and I know you will save $ on this.I have a Samsung galaxy exhibit phone from metro,works fine I used this to pull some pictures off my girls old Samsung phone it works like a charm took me 3 minutes to put them on the disk and a few minute to transfer to a computer. She was happy and for $8 I was happy. Now I just keep it to backup a tiny piece of info from my raspberry pi. It still has room to transfer more pictures so I can still do that if needed. Fast and good transfer rate, excellent! I buy this card for my cel phone and have no problem with this card I got a Samsung Galaxy that takes beautiful 1080 p video. But the problem is even the built-in 16 gigs gets used up quickly with such a fine quality video. Thanks to Kensington digital 32 gigabytes mini SD card my phone has no problem taking fine fine videos! And the price was so great I had to come back and buy one for my wife. Nice to have more storage for my camera. I bring the adapter with me so that I can upload on computers not equipped to handle the tiny memory card. Works well. It's a SDHC card. There's not much to it, it is a card. The price was really good, fast delivery, and a lot easier than driving around town looking for one. This is a good brand for an SD card. I have never lost information or any of my stuff when I have used the Kingston brand. When I first got this, it worked pretty well and I could store all of my pictures and videos on it. But soon enough, I got the error messages that the SD card wasn't detected. I thought it was an issue with the phone, so I tried plugging this into the computer... which didn't recognize it either, meaning that the card was in fact broken. Needless to say, I couldn't recover any of the media that I stored on it. no lie it does it job not bad but i bought a bigger one cuz i hae to much music Yes, the adapter works fine and is just what I wanted to address my need. Can't go wrong in my opinion. It works. That's all what matters. Comes neatly packed. It took Less than 10 days to get home. All of what I expected. I'm using in my Garmin GPS...functions fine...great place to store routes...pics with GPS coordinates and more. This is the second one I've got...lost the first one...they are just a little to samll to keep track of. Was looking for an inexpensive memory card. This one fit the bill and works great. Using it in a smart phone. This is a great product. Meets all expectations. Plus the price is really affordable. Would recommend this to anyone. No problems. On time it was sealed and it works I would purchase more price good too.i would recommend people to buy it it met my expectations This card was exactly what I needed it works just like it's supposed to do when I expected it to and it comes with the adapter for a full-size SD card so it may be used for mini or full-size SD I would recommend to a friend This works great for my phone! It fits in side it perfectly. It got here on time too. I love it. Well I had no problems with the card until it decided to just stop working. Would not be read by my phone or my computer. The card just died. Great actually works and I'm very satisfied with my purchase and couldn't be any more happy about it. It was a great buy 1. Amazon was the actual seller and it took 3 chats with customer service to get the delivery correct. First time i never got the product when the status said "received". Then, they sent me 3 instead of the 6 i originally ordered. Finally, after going back and forth for over a week, I got the remaining 3 I paid for. Been shopping here a long time and I've never had this issue with any other seller, Amazon: you need to fix that. Thanks. 2. I had to use another adapter for the card on my Samsung Laptop. For whatever reason, it didn't read the one it came with. Guess you get what you pay for. I got what I needed to do, done anyway. Just thought I'd share this. Works for my digital camera or cell phone, and who knows how many other products. This last sentence is to meet the minimum number of words, isn't that quaint? Pictures, music, games! This chip holds plenty of each. I was very happy with this product. I will purchase more for my other electronics. memory worked great!! Installed on an android Samsung Galaxy Exhibit. Also tested using the adapter and it worked pretty well I just wanted a brand name with reasonable capacity for my smartphone at a decent price. It works fine enough. This is an excellent Micro SD memory, durable and from a world leading in digital storage brand like Kingston, and the price really beats the competition. Two Thumbs Up. I love this product and I use it in my tablet and I have one in my phone, I call my sisters and told them what a great price and they should invest in a couple I was surprised at the generic packaging of the product but realized that I didn't cut my hands trying to open the retail packaging that were intended to be theft proof. Works fine no issues so far I was using Kingston 8 gb memory card for 4 years, but now need more space and bought through Amazon the 32 gb memory card. Works very well. Card arrived on time. perfect for my older android phone. hard to find at this price with adapter, does the job perfectly for me. I bought this memory card for my Roku 3, so it could store channel data and not refresh it. I don't know why Roku did not make the memory built in, but whatever the case may be, it works great, it was recognized off the bat, and my Roku no longer has to refresh all the channel memory. I have no complaints, it was exactly what I was looking for at a great low price. Worth the buy. Bought the micro sd card to go with my new tablet. Sufficient memories for my needs and working great. Would definitely recommend the product. I like it it does what it is meant to do. I is a nice extension of memory for my phone. I keep all my media in it and I have not any issue yet. i have a droid incredible that i got back in 2010. it works great, but last year a notification that my card was read only popped up. it would disappear every now and then, but would always come back. i dont do too much on my phone, just reddit, take pictures and stuff. with this notification i couldn't download dropbox files or stuff like that. i bought this card, turned my phone off, put the card in, and turned it on. works like new now. 5 bucks for this card or 200-500 for a new phone(new phone, no contract). this card makes it worth it again Awesome product, now I have more than enough space on my phone. After spending some time shopping around, this is definitely the best deal online. I have had excellent success with Kingston products in the past and this memory card is in keeping with that experience. The price was right, delivery was quick, and the item works! Works exactly as I needed for my nook HD. Just storing some documents and such and it came in reusable packaging that I am storing the adapter in. When you put the card into the adapter does not work because it had rust and is in poor condition Good small micro SDHC card. Use for cell phone. Arrived quickly. Good value. Get size appropriate for phone and need. Just as described. Best deal I could find anywhere. I've seen 4GB self for the same amount. Seems to work fine in the tablet. Item as described, no issues. There is nothing I dislike about this item. Yes, I would recommend this product for purchase! Great product for use in telephone. I've sold a few of these and the feedback from my customers has been positive. Great SD card, seems to be reliable and durable. 8Gb is more than necessary but perfect for backing up all my data. Would recommend it Great little micro sd card. Works perfect for cell phones that require the new type of micro sd cards that have the little notch. thanks for the sd card because now i can do pretty much anything on my phone. i love it. THANKS A LOT i really appreciate it I gave my granddaughter a tablet for Christmas and she needed a micro card for it. It was so nice to be able to order it have it sent directly to her so quickly! I needed SD cards for my 3 grandchildren as I go them tablets for Christmas and I wanted to make sure they had enough storage space for their videos and games. They all love them. I was disappointed with the delivery of the memory cards. It appears the weather messed that up and it was delivered long after the time I expected and need it for. it's ok apart from that though. Need to be able to see approximate delivery date before purchases are complete though. This SD card stores all the required information needed for my MP3 player such as music, the only problem is its maxed out so if looks like I'll have to purchase another one from Amazon. My cell phone was going awire when someone told me I need a larger card. I have a Galaxy 2 and found out anything above 16 GB wouldn't work in my phone. Glad the pricing was good and it came in lightning speed. Thanks Bought this card to carry as an extra for my Canon 40D. Card works well and the price is fantastic. Highly recommended. Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GBET -- Kingston Digital, Inc. -- The Kingston 8 GB microSDHC comes with a converter to remove it from your phone, camera, or tablet and insert it into your computer. It's enough gig to keep copies of apk (app) files, videos, documents, and pictures to transfer to your computer or the cloud. Do not buy. It comes broken and won't read in any device, (computer, go pro, phone, camera, nothing). Best to spend 5 more dollars and get something that works. The memory was at a great price and Kingston is a well known brand. I would purchase this item again. Bought a lot of these as stocking stuffers. We're always looking for an adapter for the micro's. Everybody liked their "little" gift! I don't know what to say about this. I am using it in my Android tablet for a little extra memory. I installed it, the device immediately found it, and I was off and running. Don't need anything with more memory since this tablet isn't used by my teens. This was at a very good price. I bought several for convenience sake. They can be very useful in many ways. Kingston has always performed well for me. (Purchased over 100 items from Kingston, never had a problem.) It works great for the dash cam Mini 0801 Ambarella E-PRANCE New Mini 0801 Original Ambarella A2S60 Chip 5M pixel CMOS Car DVR Recorder + High Resolution Full HD 1080P 30 FPS, OV2710 + G-sensor License Plate + 135 Degree Wide Angle View + GPS Logger which is very sensitive to what type of mini SD card you use. I am using this memory device to expand the memory on a Motorola Xoom Tablet. It works flawlessly and provides a lot of usable storage for pictures and apps. Couldn't be more pleased. I have always been using it and i will always use it it helps my phone to keep larg space applications. Because of its unique size it stays in my phone and can keep as much as 800 and more photos including my music in fact i chosed 8G and am just so comfortable with it Ordered these micro cards for myself and my daughter to expand memory in our tablets!! Never been disappointed when it comes to Kingston:) That's all I can say. It's doing what its supposed to do. so far no issues here. So it works From my experience Kingston is the go to brand for memory. This micro flash card is working perfectly in the cell phone watch I recently purchased. I just bought Kingston Digital 16 GB Class 4 microSDHC Flash Card with SD and nothing to complain.Defo what I expected if it works, and im using it that's all that really matters to me, by the way its packaged in paperboard and molded plastic, no travel case Very excellent and I'm satisfied with purchase and will suggest my friends to visit this website. Good deals.thank you for my product. I purchased this to allow larger maps to be loaded into my Garmin Nuvi 1350 GPS, This works well for that purpose. Not much more to say about it besides that the Amazon frustration free packaging is excellent, easy to open and protects the SD card throughout shipping. Pro's: It works Compatible with Garmin GPS Con's: None, it does what is promised. Great buy if you need a 8Gb MicroSD, Highly recommended. Needed a microchip for my new phone and this fit the bill perfectly. I'm very please with it. What else can I say/ The Sand Disk nor the Kingston Digital 16 GB Flash Card W/Adapters do not work in the Spy Pens we purchased from eBay. They are useless in the Pens or the Glasses we bought. I needed a micro SD card for my cell phone and this met the sweet spot for price and quality. I've gone with cheaper memory but have almost always regretted it. Not this time. The flash memory just works as expected. Comes with an adapter as well, which I needed in order to partition the card in order to get my phone to recognize it. I don't experience any lag when accessing data or apps installed on the external memory. I am a satisfied customer. Fast file transfers and low cost! It performs as expected and comes with an adapter to make it compatible with an SD card reader or micro sd card device. Great MicroSD. have always had the best success and wonderful performance with all products from Kingston SD cards, microSD cards etc. Using this to Add storage to my husband's ASUS Memopad. Seems to work just fine. Haven't tried the adapter yet. I was a little apprehensive that I might get a bogus card, but this appears to be genuine. So far I have 410 songs and about 70 half hour podcasts loaded, plus numerous ringtones, photos, etc., and I've only filled about a fourth of the card's capacity. Having the adapter is great because my phone doesn't have an option to choose what you sync, it just grabs random stuff and loads it to the memory card(!) Using the adapter, I was able to delete what I didn't need and copy what I wanted. If anything happens to change my opinion of this memory card, I will post an update. A good micro SDHC memory card for people who doesn't have many pictures or videos . I like it to start IT STORES THINGS!! 8GB OF THINGS!! Holy cow wowzers. ALSO it's super itty bitty tiny and hella adorable. STORE ALL THE THINGS IN THE CUTEST POSSIBLE WAY. Thank you Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card. I know you will protect my music for me. Many thanks. I use this for my phone so i can hold more texting data and as far as i can tell it is not doing anything more than my phone already did... I was shopping around but at the end I made the decision that the best place to buy it amazon. the product is great and also has a good quality. I would definitely buy over and over again. Excellent functionality and durability. Definitely makes my phone happy, more space to operate smoothly and efficiently. This micro SD card I'm using it for my phone. I'm totally happy with it. I can storage all pics, videos and music I want...and I can even use it as a flash memory with my phone usb cable. I storage any kind of file! Totally recommend it! This memory card died on me after a few months. Everything is corrupted. Good thing I only wanted to use it for a car dash cam. I wouldn't trust it for important files or photos. quality item that will work on cell phones, voice recorders and digital cameras that need to have a storage solution. Very Pleased. Thanks for making this available. I will recommend this to others and tell them where I found it. After less than a year the SD card started acting up. At first I thought it was the smart phone I was using but after removing it and placing it into my laptop, the laptop start acting weird as if a virus had taken over. I had to reboot the computer a few times after trying to access the SD card. Eventually I got to the SD card from the computer and had to reformat it to work again and lost all the information. Luckily, I had most of the information stored on my computer except for photos. I tried using a computer software to recover the information on the SD card but it was only partially successful for some of the photos. After formatting the SD card I was able to use it again. Three months later the same thing happened except this time the SD card was messing up my phone, the phone keep restarting on its own. After replacing the SD card with another type the problems has stopped. I bought in / from Germany for my daughter in Virginia. Everything was simple to handle and worked well. It was declared "free shipping" but i had to way. Kingston has made memory components for years and have always had the highest standards and this is no exception. Fit's perfectly and works flawlessy in my Samsung S3 cell phone. Highly recommend. Card bought for android phone. Worked well for one year and then my phone stopped working with the card in it. Phone worked fine with card out. I tried putting the card in my laptop, using an adapter, but the SD card was read as corrupted. Following up on my original complaint, I was able, for some reason, to reformat the card on my laptop this time. It now works fine. I had contacted Kingston, and they were planning to replace the original card with a new one. Now, however, that is not necessary. Kingston is very well know for a good product that will not blow up your wallet or budget. Good buy Most the times I buy SD card I buy the 'SanDisk' brand. But I bought this brand and find them equal to each other. If you aren't aware, the higher the class the faster the information is transferred from the card to the device. I use class 10 cards for videos in most of my devices (galaxy tab 70+, Laptop, etc) but some devices don't allow for use of faster memory cards. One of these is my Creative Zen M300. So I bought this card to use in it and it works fine. So unless you have restrictions (see manufacturer for your specific product), I would recommend buying faster class cards for general use since the price has dropped a lot over the past few years. I ordered two of these cards, but one of them got corrupted within 2 minutes of using it. It wouldn't accept any read/write commands and wouldn't unmount from my computer. Amazon arranged a quick exchange, and I haven't experienced any issues yet. Not only does this card have terrible read and write speed after not too much use my SD card became unresponsive and eventually said it was blank. I lost everything on the card! I am never buying another Kingston product again, SanDisk will forever blow Kingston out of the water Works perfectly. I put it into my phone and started saving files to it right away. Great price as well. Great deal! Got this to use with our Garmin GPS nuvi 855. It works well to load information, updates, customize options, MP3 files, etc. We could have spent more on a Class 10 card, but did not need the extra speed for this use. i was worried after reading some reviews, but it came as advertised and works very well. i'm very happy with the product. Used for my tablet and just quit working after a year. I am deducting a star for Kingston customer service. Allegedly it has lifetime warranty. Went to Kingston's web site to get an RMA. Got a "Unfortunately your request cannot be processed at this time. Additional information is required." Not only do they want to know the part number (including the revision number which is what I guess I forgot), but exactly what it goes in. Why they need to know which tablet, which screen size, etc, etc I have no clue. Kingston, if you are reading this, your memory card is defective. Replace it under your lifetime warranty without making it difficult. I bought this to expand the storage on my crappy Tracfone. It worked great, and the adapter allowed me to use it in the SD card port on my computer. Great, handy and cost effective. Gives me expanded storage space on my phone. The adapter is great for transferring data. nice small easy to used Daughter love it will buy this item again and tell friends and family. handle for me. not much to say about product. It's a memory card and it works just fine in my new mobile device I needed to install this into my Garmin when the map update said my GPS was out of memory to update maps. It did the trick. Furthermore the vendor sent this very quickly! Never heard of Kingston but this Class Four Micro SD Card gets the job done! I would def recommend this over Scandisk. I bought several of these to use in my Garmin GPS units, but for some reason one Garmin would not recognize it or the 8 GIG size. Not a problem, as they work otherwise for storage or transferring files. They are much faster than using thumb drives. Good memory card, performs as expected, it is a very good offer by price. You'll get the card and a adapter. Recommended Great price for the memory card. If you need to replace your old flash memory card then this is a great bargain. works very well. love the free adaptor. had it for about a few day and everything seems legit with the product. Works very well, and the adapter makes it even easier to get pics and files onto my computer. Good stuff I got this card for my friend as a gift, and it works perfectly, He keeps it in the phone and he's had no problems with it. I've got a few kingston cards and they always work perfectly, no problems ever. Bought for my niece's tablet. She pretty much only keeps books, music, and games on there so this works out well. Works great. This is a great price!!! I just love it! It works great to my camera and the capacity of 64GB is excellent. The pack is alright and compact. Excellent product worked well, really recommend is a good productoa an unbeatable price, I am happy for this purchase reallmente if needed would buy another product equal. I bought this to use with my garmin gps device. I needed more room to add maps and this memory card did the trick works good for my daughter to put in her tablet ,great storage .Thank you We have no problems with downloads because of mot enough storage as long as it is not very big. works great and a good price great for these sports camera that are low cost and do not work with a class 10 so well Not much to say except it works as it should. I have never had an issue with any flash memory card. Works like it's supposed to. Great for kids tablets or anything else you may need a micro sdhc card for. Glad I shop @ Amazon.com they always have exactly what I need & get it to me when I need it. have have so much space now and so much better getting it on here they in a over priced phone store, thank you! This item is exactly as you see in the picture.Very good for addition storage and can hold alot of songs its all good put it right to work and its been in use every since I got it hope to do business again. I hope this product a day, and this day was deliveret and I will buy every thing for this page The micro chip was very easy to install and worked perfectly the first time. I would recommend this product to all of my friends . For $6 it is a great deal. Haven't needed the adapter, but it is nice to have it. I'm using it in my BLU Zoey phone for mp3's. I got this for my ZTE fury. I have had no issues at all with this sd card, I would recommend it to those needing an sd card. Bought this for my tablet, stored a few movies on there no problem, got rid of the tablet, so I kept this and threw it in my phone, haven't got to use it yet, but it worked for my tablet so I don't see why it wouldn't work for my phone. It came with a plastic package that can be reusable. Very easy to insert and my phone recognizes it right away. Great price. These cards are being used in my smartphone and a tablet I bought a friend of mine who needed a way to get on the Internet. There have been no physical issues with either of the cards. The reason I subtracted a star was the cost of shipping these in an envelope. For something just a few ounces in the same envelope...they charged within a dollar of what the cost of the cards was. This was inexcusable! Works perfect in phone and computer bought to switch my phone to my new phone and now I use it for extra space for my phone holds alot of stuff If you enjoy your camera, you need to have enough space. Affordable price, easy and convenient delivery. Rather than going to store and chasing for best price. It does what it says it does. It's safe to be used on many gadgets. I only rate it four stars because I found it to be a tad slower on the laptop, but it works otherwise fine on my phone. I bought this product because the internal storage on my kids tablet was filled up from all the games & apps he down loaded. This product worked out perfect with more than enough storage space. This item is awesome, does what it is supposed to do and has never had any problems. Perfect for data storage. Excellent. All good i love it. And the deliver was good too i recomend it, its cool and helpfull!! ! Doesn't work wouldn't buy again selling bad product over the internet Not worth buying I'll tell anyone do not buy every since I brought couldn't get it to work Perfect upgrade for my phone's memory. Card adapter makes it easy to plug and play with the computer. Does what it's designed to do. I bought my first microSD card from Kingston about a year ago. I loved it! I love that this came with an adapter as well, because it makes it much easier for transferring my data to my computer or other computers! I have a few of these now in different data storage sizes. I love Kingston products! I have found that they are worth the money because they are a high quality product, and are also commonly found at a lower price than many other brands. They have made them very easy to use and are very reliable! 16 GB is what I needed and that is what I got. came packaged like how I would buy it in the store, but for less money. does come with adapter for my computer, I use the memory card just for music and some pictures. Fast delivery. Got what I paid for. Will order again.Happy with what I got. Will be used in my new camera. Needed to back up my Samsung S3 phone. This did it just fine. It was easy to install and no problems very good product This card arrived in good shape, and works just like I expected it to work. I am happy with this transaction. These are great, love the storage capacity and the versatility. Fits almost any camera, cell, smart phone, PC or tablet. Since the Garmin maps just keep growing I needed a microsd card. This 8gb card fit the bill and has plenty of space to spare. I was worried that the class 4 would be too slow but after the initial boot-up/download it is running at nearly the same speed as before. This is a great option over the "titled" official cards that cost way more. Definitely a legit product. Still working after so much use. Buy this one instead of many fake stuff that will die within a month or two. Pretty self explanatory really. I got it to edit GoPro videos on my macbook pro. works like a charm, and its super cheap! i've bought this same card with the adapter before and i like it.The main reason was that it was a good value for the amount of storage.One thing i don't really like is that sometimes it would just be in the lock mode and it would take a little messing around with the lock to get it off the protective mode. Besides that it is good for what i use it for. it was for my son, who had his samsung s4 phone sd suddenly dead, he is very happy with this replacement. The quality and efficiency come in small package, and this microSDHC module is no exception. It is suitable for smart phones, computers and other devices using microSD memory. I recommend this product blindly. There are many options for micro SD cards out there. Their storage is not always as large as they claim. Some of the off-brand inexpensive flash drives are misrepresenting their storage capacity, Kingston is true to it's word as the size claimed is accurate and they appear to perform as they should even though they were one of the lower priced SD cards in that storage size. Good s***. Lots of memory on the cheap, debated on getting a 32 gb but thought Im never going to get that much music onto my knock off Ipod shuffle. After shopping the prices of memory cards in department stores, it's hard to not get a product like this online. Just be careful to read the reviews to make sure you aren't buying a cheap knock off. This one was legit. Purchased this card primarily to use in my GS3 for extra music capacity. Got no problem with the product so far. I ordered the product on 2/6/14 and received it on 2/12/14(in Hawaii). Price is adequate or on the cheaper end. This card is a little on the slow side, which I pretty much expected at this price point. The important thing is that it worked right out of the box and I had no problems formatting it with FAT32 for use in one of my devices and NTFS for use in another. This card seems like a good value and I would buy it again. LOVE IT! I needed more room for all my stuff. I carry a lot of pics, docs, ebooks, and music with me and my old SD card was filled way to fast and I still had a lot to put on it. This one was perfect and I still had more room after for more! Plus I trust Kingston, I've had a few of their products and it never fails me. i ordered this for my grandsons but it seems to be working great for him so its a good thing This product work good and even the price is OK but I have tried it and it working fine, I like this one. not waist my money for it. It's the first time I do this kind of shopping and I think excellent totally recommend buying from Venezuela and I am hoping that I am the product arrives Bought several of these to use with low-cost mp3 players...they work fine. No problems encountered with any of them. Wouldn't hesitate to buy additional ones if needed. The flash card was exactly what my mini camera needed. It was easy to install and fit my camera perfectly. I am glad I bought the Kingston Digital 16 GB flash card and adapter. Works properly, amazing space capacity, exactly what I needed! I recommend this item to anyone that works alot of ours. Bought name brand product so i won't loose my files but this SD card failed even sooner than generic cards. Will never buy kingston again. A good purchase! Good capacity and performance! I recommend to buy it and use with you phone for pics and videos! SO! I bought this to go with my LG P925, and every 10 minutes like clock work it keeps telling me it is out of space.. Loved this SD card at first but it wasn't long until it totally stopped working. I cannot access it at all. I now have a new phone and won't be purchasing any of these cards for it. I will go directly to the manufacturer even though it will cost more. I believe it will be worth it. item was exactly as described. I love it, particularly at this low low price. ++++++++++++++++++++AA triple plus. fast shipping . very happy I haven't tested it yet, but I trust it will function to my expectation. I trust it will function accordingly. I bought the Kingston 8 GB micro SD card for use in my Garmin Nuvi 1200. I plugged the card into the GPS unit and it was ready to go. It works fine. Had this quite awhile now - works great! I'd recommend it to anyone! Kingston is always a great product at a great price. Although the scanner I bought this memory for didn't work and I never was able to put this flash card to the test, I was favorably impressed with its fast delivery. Got this for my wife's phone and have used for months with no issues. Sometimes I grab it from her when I need extra storage for a random audio recording. Comes with a standard plastic clamshell case and SD card sized adapter. Both function well. Great micro sd card and even comes with adapter! Immediately recognized on my new galaxy note tablet 8.0 and adapter used with micro sd on desktop to transfer photos from tab to my computer works perfectly. These work very well and allow me to use the Micro Flash cards in my other devices that uses the larger format of the flash cards. They hold the micro cards very well and have never had a problem of the micro cards falling out. It does what it needs to do. It's enough for me and my small collection of music. I would recommend. Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter SDC4/16GB is a perfect card for my camera, I inserted in the slot , torn it on and works immediately, have to be careful when handle it because it's pretty small and can get lost very easy. Easy to format, put files on, is durable and compatible with the devices I need it for. the easy to open package was a breeze to open and the product itself came in an extra easy to open plastic case. I have no problem with the flash card. It came with adapter and does the job. Actual memory capacity is only 14G. Installed card in my cell phone for photo images and documents. No problem with it so far (two months now). Kingston builds quality products; this one delivers as promised. Installs flawlessly and performs as promised. I highly recommend it to all. I bought this for a friend and she is delighted to have this additional memory on which to store pictures for her new ASUS tablet. IT FITS SNUG AS A RUG FOR MANY WONDERFUL PURPOSES. I CAN NOW "FIT" IN WITH THE YOUNGER TECHNICAL GENERATION This card has been used in my phone for years and it still works well without any data lost or damage. This Kingston 16GB MicroSDHC Flash card with SD Adapter works terrific for use in my samsung galaxy s4 and also in my desktop. packaging was well done and it works as it should. I'm not sure how much more I can say to fill-up the words required for this review. I have had this flash card in my phone for over a year without issues. great price. quick ship. suggest to anyone considering buying. I put 7 days worth of continuous music into my smartphone, and didn't even scratch the surface of its capacity. This product is exactlly what I expected It would be, it fits all my needs, works perfectly, fair Price.I stongly recomend it to all friends. I ordered three of these for my kids tablets. They seem to work fine, but we have noticed that one of the tablets seems to have trouble mounting and unmounting the card. We can't figure out if it's the tablet or the card. If you are planning to buy these for app loving kids, I would suggest 16g or higher as I wish i had gone larger initially. In my experience for general use memory is memory is memory, so far this is working for me so I'm ok with it. But it came in a package that I easily opened and could use the card. Based on that fact alone I'll buy from Kingston again. This "Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card" worked well for my Garmin 1450 GPS. DO NOT be fooled by those overpriced "for Garmin GPS" memory cards. This generic SD card works just as well. Just make sure your GPS accepts the types of SD cards and buy the ones within its capacity! Seems to work fine. Item as described. Ok value. Good name brand. Would buy for a friend or use for myself. Just what I needed for my Galaxy Note 3. Now mind you the first Note 3 I had did not read ANY sd cards at all but I was within 14 days so I just took it to Verizon and they swapped it out easy peezy and once we put the card in the new Note.. voila there it was. best service. delivered on time, and works great, best micro ad card which I have ever had. If you are looking for memory card order this one. If you have a tablet ,these puppies are a major source for storage . I use my computer to load pictures ,docs , music onto the SD and place in my tablet and I am a go .The price was right also I gave 4 stars because I like the product, "Love" is a strong word just for a SD card. I really like that it's 16 GB, lots of storage, for a great price...AND it's not a knockoff SD card, it is official. Yes I would definitely recommend this product. Got these to help save photos for my point and shoot camera. Came packaged well and so far no issues seen. This is a great product for my son, who I was concerned about handling it. It was received on time and continues to work well. Not much that you can say about a Flash Card. It does what if suppose to do without problems. Good buy I like having these to expand memory in my phones. I also like them to easily transfer things from my phone to my laptop. Good product I'll continue to purchase these! I bought this card for my LG Lucid smart phone. The phone came with very limited internal memory for storing apps and pics. So I bought this to store all the pictures that I take with my phone. I have over a thousands pictures and have barely used any space on this card. I see a lot of picture taking in my future! This is more of a complaint. As soon as I opened the first of the two 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GBET that I bought , the SD card was in 2 pieces, and a broken one is useless so it seems like that particular one was defective. Is there any recourse for me? Excellent product. Deserves five stars. I have confidence in saving data in Kingston micro SDHC, always works well and my data never gets lost nor damaged. I recommend it well!. Louise Fontaine card was not HC 1 and corrupted data beyond 4 gig sometimes less card adapter stopped working not too long after consistent use This device was not only just what I wanted, but the price cannot be beat. Any similar card is at least 50% more in a retail setting, and that's when it's on sale. The card arrived quickly, in frustration-free Amazon packaging, and has functioned perfectly since the day I received & installed it into my tablet. Kingston is a good brand, and Amazon is a great etailer. I doubt you'll find a better combo with price, warranty, and delivery promise around. I have really enjoyed the quality of Kingston cars and sticks. Not to sound like a commercial, but I have tried other brands and found these to be the best. Card works just fine. It's a memory card and hasn't erased it's self. I use it in my tablet and it holds a ton of songs and movies on it. Kingston Digital 16 GB Class 4 microSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter (SDC4/16GBET)Kingston Digital 16 GB Class 4 microSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter (SDC4/16GBET)Kingston Digital 16 GB Class 4 microSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter (SDC4/16GBET) Works perfectly in my phone. For some reason scandisc does not work in my Android. The price was great to. It worked well at first but after one time I turned off the phone, then turned it on, the phone could recognize the card but some programs has difficulty to access the card sometimes, I turned on and off the phone several times, but I have no idea what makes this random problems. I chose this for the price, but I also believe that Kingston memory products are highly dependable. So far, this purchase has not give me reason to rethink this. I bought the chip for a wifi hotspot device. With the memory chip, the hot spot also now acts as a 16gb cloud storage. I do not need the SD adapter for this device, but its great to have. I have not benchmarked this memory, and my needs are very basic in this case. I would definitely recommend this product. Hope this helps! This Kingston 8 GB Micro card fit my LG840g and works fine. It came with the full size adapter. I would recommend it for the LG840g cell phone. I bought 4 of these for my childrens tablet (all 4 children had diffrent brand tablets). after putting 1.26gb on the flash card it said it was full. A complete waist of money. We had the items but after months it went back so we had to buy from version, we lost a lot of our pictures that was on it The card is very nice.The quality of Kingston products is wonderfull.The price was good.It can be used many times in more than one machine It's very economical and works. Just the thing to upgrade my 7" tablet with 5 gig original free space out of the box. I am converting my DVDs to MP4s so that I can watch them on my tablet. With the 16GB, I was able to put 2 seasons of "Game Of Thrones" on it with a little space left over for another movie. I put 8 full length cartoons on one for my grandson, and will be able to put a lot more on for him. Boosted the # of photos I could save on my cell phone and the price was reasonable. I highly recommend. Much tougher and reliable than the competition and if you have a problem they replace in minutes not like ScaMDisc that takes an act of congress to go through the return process My device can only support SD memory up to 16GB, so this is a perfect choice. With adapter, I can view the files on my laptop anytime I want. So far it's working flawlessly. I've always been a fan of Kingston Memory. Good Quality and Value. While I didn't need the SD Adapter it was a nice "added" feature of this purchase. Compared to other same class cards like verbatim, the speed is noticeably slow. it did not work well with FHD car dvr so had to replace with 4 class verbatim that was about 30-40% faster. I am pleased with purches , This works well with my smart phone. The price was good, The wireless company wanted to charge me $20.00 for 2GB microSDHC, Way better deal here, and better Quality to. Thank you Bought two to upgrade my and the wife's phone. Work well and has lots of storage now. I would buy another! I got my sd card today and it's just as expected. For the price it's a great deal and top of the line quality as well. This was a good item when I purchased it. I has been very dependable and worth the money and value. This is a great value with free shipping. It doesn't hold much as far as Gigabites but I have to say that's OK because my product I needed it for doesn't support anything larger. 100% positive. product performed above its standards, enjoy this flash memory card, very good performance. I have enjoy it reaction and performance to Iphon and Laptop. It's kind of difficult to figure out how to transfer everything to it, but it gives you so much more space on a standard 16gb phone. I'd recommend it to any Galaxy user. It holds what I need it to, and works just fine with my mp3 player. It would have been even better if I would have gotten a case to store the card in, but for the money I can't complain too much. Does exactly what it is supposed to do. I've never had any problems with it. I would recommend to anybody. This flash card is GREAT. I bought several for our European Honeymoon and was able to switch the chip back and forth to be in my computer, camera, phone.... I could edit pics immediately and have my memories stored in preparation for an online memory book. I chose the larger capacity chip for my camera because I wanted to be able to take & store more pictures instillation was simple & easy. It's been working well! The quality of the photos that I review has been excellent. This was a good choice for mej! The SD card worked with no problems whatsoever. The card has been used to store movies, music, and data for use on an android device and there have been no problems with any of the files. Fast writing speed and reliable quality. Comes with adapter so you can connect this card to your computer. I have always been satisfied with the Kingston brand. It seems to work for what I need. I use this card to transfer photos from game trail cameras. Have not had any issues with it. Purchased this for my LG Optimus F3 phone. No problems with installation and function thus far. Works as it's supposed to. Not much to say here, but simply put, this card was immediately recognized by my ZTE 750c and has been functioning great. No complaints. we got these for more space on our phones like them a lot we both have tons of music saved Very good. Price suits my budget. Does the job and is equally comparable to any other sd card in the market. I am constantly amazed with technology. Such a tiny card with all this memory for such a low price!!! Nothing else to say, it works!!!! One more thing, this is a trusted name in memory cards. I have many of these and don't erase them, I store photos and videos on them and keep plenty on hand for my cameras and recorders. 5 stars I bought this to upgrade from a 4 GB card. Just inserted the card and adapter into my laptop, plugged in my phone, cut and paste, and the switched the SD cards. Transfer was easy, and now I can use my phone to listen to music or watch a movie on a long train ride. never had a problem with these. Fast enough for many applications including use as a not so little "little portable drive". The 4 gig Kingston cards were flaky in my camera, these replaced them and like the ones I have been using for a year, work solidly in or out of the mini to micro adapter. I know how technology is and today this memory card is outdated, but i have had this now for over 4 years and it still works well and is fast. The adapter is also a nice bonus. I use the memory card for my phone and when I want to plug into a computer the adapter comes in handy. awesome product for this this price. no one could believe it. everyone is wondering how they can get one.........thanks for the needed item Kingston Digital 32 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card SDC4/32GB has plenty of storage and works great with my D-link Surveillance Camera. I am totally satisfied with the product. It was more than what I was expecting. I recommend the product to all amazon customers Hctor Alcantara. Great card and at a great price ! The card and the adapter worked to my expectations. I'd recommend both to anyone who needs some extra storage. My wife and I both bought smartphones and needed a memory card for pictures (and other apps). I transferred our old 2GB cards from our old phones to start. Mine worked fine, but my wife's phone kept erasing and unformating the card. A quick online search indicated that this was a rather common problem, and one reviewer suggested that the Class 4 cards worked far better than the newer, higher class, cards. So I bought two, tossed out the old smaller cards, and these do, indeed, work fine. (It seems to be an issue of data transfer speed from the phone to the card.) If anyone checks this review over this specific issue, I would suggest getting the cards before they become unavailable--if that should be the case. I have used this for about a year on my phone and I store tons of music and a few pictures (I'm sure it would hold a lot of pictures, I just don't save many) I have not used it for video so I'm not sure hoe it works for that. The only problem I have is sometimes when i insert it into my computer (in its adapter) Sometimes I have to insert it several times before it acknowledges that I have put it in. It may be my Laptop though, I'm not sure. Other than that, Great little card. Just what I was looking for and at a decent price. I used it for my cell phone and had no problems. I bought this card in September 2013 and I started to use it in october for my Galaxy SIII mini, and It works pretty fine! I Recommend it! Adaptor doesn't work i had to buy another from other brand, no good no good no good no good no good No problems and it is fast enough for my LG phone's 5mp camera. Has been working for over a year so far. With lifetime warranty you can't go wrong. Used this product in my Sansa mp3 player and it stores a ton of music and works very well. I am very happy with it. exactly what I ordered and it performs in the exactly the way I expected it to. Would buy again if the need arose. I bought this for my raspberry pi and was drawn to this one since it was so cheap. Boot time with the pi is around 40 seconds using this card. I'm thinking about getting a faster card to get the boot time closer to 15 seconds. Thats for what I'm using these cards for. Installing GPS maps for overseas is smooth and works great 8 months in. I've expected a cheap'o card. Goes well so far. It came quickly, looks authentic, and works, so far. Kingston seems to do work great for me, I have never had any problems with them. This is a very good brand of memory at an affordable price. Will work with almost any device that will format it. (For some reason I cannot get my Roku 2 box to format it, but was bought for my GPS's.) I ordered two of these: one for a Garmin Oregon 450 GPS and one for a NOOK Simpletouch ereader. They work perfectly in both products. I've now tried two of these cards in my camera, and both have broken (other cards by other brands work fine). Furthermore, something goes so horribly wrong that: A) It causes a fatal error in the camera itself that cannot be resolved without resetting the camera and formatting the internal memory, and B) It spontaneously ejects itself from the slot in the camera, even with the door to the card compartment closed and locked. Both are likely because it is, quite simply, flimsy and poorly made. The "lock" latch slips around with absolutely no traction at all, the plastic is flimsy, the microSD card does not seat firmly into the adapted (but rather just nestles loosely). The text on the adapter is also of such poor print quality that it makes me wonder if it's a cheap knock-off or counterfeit. I will not be using Kingston microSD ever again after this. One bad card is a random error, but two is a failure on their part. This worked with my Huawei phone. 16GB may seem like a lot now, but it will probably fit half of a 52k movie in the year 2044. Thats for what I'm using these cards for. Installing GPS maps for overseas is smooth and works great 8 months in. I've expected a cheap'o card. Goes well so far. I bought this memory card to put into my phone. I mostly stored music files on it, but I did also keep photos and apps on there as well. I recently bought a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and moved it from my old phone to the new one. Everything seemed to be working fine for about a week or two, then I started having issues opening photos. I wasn't sure if the problem was the phone or the memory card at first. Eventually the phone wouldn't even read the card at all. So I swapped it out with a new one, and the phone read it fine, The 32GB Kingston memory card won't be read on any device I own anymore, so I guess that means it's dead. A little disappointing, I've never had any issues with other Kingston memory cards, but I will probably look to buying a different brand in the future. I bought these for use in my gps and smartphones. They work fine and were quite inexpensive. Please note they are Class 4 so if you want them for use with more demanding stuff like cameras I would recommend you consider a ''higher class'' offering. Class 10 is 250% faster than class 4. WORKS JUST FINE GOT IT FOR MY BROTHERS TABLET AND HE'S FILLING IT UP AS WE SPEAK. GREAT PRICE TOO This is a very reliable memory card that I have not had any issues with for photos or music. I highly recommend and the price is excellent through Amazon. Came on time and in good condition, I got item to go with a gift ,got another item to go with it Works great and it was a great price. I bought them for all the cell phones and tablets we have. This is excellent and a great price, perfect SD card for a Smartphone. I greatly reccomend this product...THANK YOU. And DEFINITELY will buy this AGAIN. never had difficulty with any sd card for that matter.So far working as it is supposed to. best price in amazon compared to reatil stores like walmart and best buy. This flash card and adapter have performed flawless and as described. I am quite happy with this purchase and recommend it. Mine works fine. Go for it. (Although, I noticed later that they have one that plugs into a thumb drive and I wish I had it instead). I have tried other memory cards that seemed to have compatibility issues, or become easily corrupted. This item is working great in the samsung camera, and we have plugged it into the computer for uploading pictures and had no problems. We did not even have to "format" the card before the first use like some other cards require. Got this to go with MP3 player.The product works great.... But very small ;) It holds a lot of muic. No complaints. It works as expected. The micro SDHC slides in the flash card easily and it has been working like a charm. These arrived on time and I am very happy with this purchase. These cards hold a lot of photos, not sure exactly how many but I am happy withy he fact they hold so many more than the 16 GB. Thank you! I ordered this class 4 card through Amazon directly and got class 4 packaging (that looked like it had been opened) with a class 10 card. This card locked nothing like any of the class 10 images I was able to find. I also did not want class 10 since the reviews seem to lean towards a higher rate of failure in them than the 4s. I am extremely displeased that this would come from Amazon. Picked this up because of it dual size. Great idea that you are able to use it in two different devices. The large adaptor fits my camera, while the mini, without the adaptor, will fit my daughters cell phone. Very nice item to have. Kingston has always been my economical but reliable flash memory provider. Other cheap brands have this or that issue too much. Why pay twice the price for sandisk when Kingston is just as reliable? In fact I've never had a fail with Kingston. I ordered this product with a couple of others and after my first order by four days. However it arrived first and. That was very surprising because I didn't expect it for at least another week, and also to include that the product is working great thus far. Very nice product and worth the money. I used it in GPS and worked very nicely. Highly recommended for storage purposes. Not much I can say except if came in the mail way sooner than I expected and works great. I went from 4 GB to 16 GB on my phone, so now I can put music on my phone. bought it, received it, used it with no problems. was the cheapest 32 GB micro card when i purchased it and have had no problems with it. Used for Game cameras work as if I ordered a standard SD Card With no problems. Think out of the box Loved the price for the quality and gb storage. Perfect for an additional storage space to my phone. Fast shipping too! i love the item !!! i use it for my 8 gb sansa mp3 player. i love music so its good for me. it does what its suppose to do...no complaints..frustration free packaging was great...i got it open in no time.would buy again Can't say much about it. Its an sd card. It works. It was cheap and got her quick. Happy w purchase. I use this card in my phone and I have had no problems in utilizing it. I would recommend this product. Some things just work. This one did. Bought it, plugged it in, and it worked. What to review? Was not broken or damaged. It works as advertized. No complaints so far. Had this in my phone for a few weeks now and it's given me no trouble. Kingston usually has good stuff. Love this items,,works in my phone and in my camera,,thanks alot,,is fast and does not give trouble at all,, lo.l Check us out here website. partyhousesupplies facebook. party house supplies gmail. trinipartyhouse at gmail It actually works. Pretty much the only thing that can go wrong with an SD card is not working. It's the actual advertised capacity too, not a scam 2gb card in a 32gb package. Great deal and it works great. I've never used one of these micro-SD cards, so this was kind of an education for me when I got a camera for Christmas that only excepts micro-SDs. It plugs right into the "big" SD card adaptor so that the technologically challenged don't feel lost. :) is an ideal camera for photo product has much ability to save photos, so it is a very good product I recommend very good buy, it's super for sharpshooters who likes things this is one of best of the best Good quality, works as expected for a Class 4 card. Packaging also very good, would purchase again without any hesitation. After having many issues with my kids downloading junk to their phones, I changed the included 4GB SD card with this bad boy and now they can save their pictures to the card and not mess up their phones. Trusted name in the business + great price = AWESOME!!! I bought this memory card for my cell phone to boost up the memory for pictures and music and it does a good job The mini SD holds an amazing amount of data. I would highly recommend this item to anyone! Big quality for a small price, you can't go wrong. garbage! I thought i was saving money, i ended up losing every picture on the memory card. My phone nor my computer recognize the memory card. I ended up buying a san disk but i cant transfer my files from this card because theres no way to find them. all gone smdh!! stick to san disk, this brand is pure garbage! Wanted this for my camera and the price was great for such a large amount of memory. ; Love these little micro SD cards!! Well worth the price! Product is fine. Takes a few weeks to get. But it is what it is. As long as it works. It's good I bought this SD card for my phone in May of 2013 and it just randomly stopped working in Dec. I've been procrastinating on buying a new one because I've been hopeful that I could recover the images or at the very least reformat it...nope and nope. Can't recover any of my pics, can't reformat, can't even get my comp to recognize its presence as a drive when plugged in. So I came to Amazon to finally reorder another card and then I see that other reviewers have had the same problem. Not only did their cards also randomly stop working, they contacted Kingston and found out they had received a fake card that was designed to work for a short period of time and then fail. Rather pissed to find out that Amazon is still selling the product if there are fakes throughout their inventory. Especially since I read a review where someone directly notified Amazon of the problem. I haven't contacted Kingston to verify whether or not my SD card is indeed a fake because I don't have the time/patience for all that, but I'm suspicious considering the fact that other SD cards I've had for years have never done this and there was no error on my part that could have caused the card to fail (i.e. I did nothing different to the card and it was just in my phone as usual when it failed). Sigh...it seems I will have to trek all the way to Best Buy to purchase my next SD card to avoid getting another fake from Amazon. Hopefully Best Buy's stock isn't laced with failures as well. I need the extra space so it was really worth it and the price was reasonable i download all this stuff and i still got alot of space. I bought this for my new phone. Holds lots of stuff, now I can transfer my music when I buy a new phone, has been a pain in the past. Bought this a while back, and it failed almost immediately. It was replaced promptly, and the new one seemed ok. But now it has failed again. I don't know if there is still a warranty. Don't care. I'm buying something different. I'm not going to replace junk with more junk. Kingston has never failed me in memory cards. I would definitely recommend and will buy again. The adapter to a full size SD works well. I've had other generic adapters that didn't work. The micro card was purchased to store pictures from my cell phone. The adapter allowed me then to transfer the pictures to my PC hard drive or a USB flash drive. I choosed this tem because I needed more capacity in my cell phone. It's useful and easy to install into the phone Micro flash card works fine but the adapter was missed in my , that is the reason of the rate I received it on time from Amazon; great price, and it works. I added it to my tablet, and now I have an additional 16Gs of memory. fash shipping. great quality, just like what you get in the store at a quarter of the price. love that it can be used a sd or mini sd I got this to replace a smaller microsd card that I had and this one works just fine. The speed is fine for using in a phone, haven't had any issues yet. Works fine no issues. Placed in my Nokia Lumia functioning properly all the way. Adapter comes handy for other applications. I backed up my info from dying off PC to this card and used it in my new PC a few times. But then all of a sudden PC started to demand formatting with warning that data will be lost as result. I cannot imagine to lose this info and don't format this card, looking if there is a chance to retrieve the data. In the same time I have no access to saved info and cannot use the card. It is very frustrating. Must be a knock-off because it did not work. Would not copy the data correctly for other devices to utilize. After a while I started getting an error message asking me to reformat the card over and over again. I would take it out and put it back in same thing. Make it easy to download those files from the cards in case your computer's card reader is limited to the types of cards in will accept. I have had no issues with the memory card itself or the adapter . Bought the Kingston 16 GB MicroSDHC Flash Card at a good price. I use it in my cell phone and I have not had a single problem with it.Kingston makes good quality products. I needed to increase my data space so this was a great deal at a great price. I'm using it in my phone. all i needed was a 4gb card, it's cheap, works well, and showed up when i needed it to! Awesome deal! fast shipping. works great! already loaded songs from our computer onto my daughters mp3 player and she is loving it! When I received a camera for Christmas, I bought this memory card to go with it. I use the camera all the time to take pictures and have never ran out of memory. The card is small and cute, and very versatile. The only downfall is I'm afraid of losing the little micro part that fits in the card. With the millions of counterfeit cards floating around, I stuck with Amazon instead of trying to save a dollar or two and sure enough, using "h2testw" (a benchmark/fake detection program) convinced me that Amazon is selling legit cards. No, I didn't really doubt them, but maybe I'm a bit more suspicious than most. :) Worth the money and comes just as described... Works perfectly in my phone... I would recommend to any and every one. I don't mind to buy this brand. So far no problems with this one. I recommend to buy this one. What do you expect from a product like this a rambling account of the various services and deeds provided. In other words not worth the effort to provide a documentary. I purchased this to add memory to our Lenovo tablet, it works great and easy to use. I would recommend it. got this card to replace my failing Sandisk micro sdhc card which at the time was known after reading the forums to be a problem with samsung galaxy S2, S3 and S4 phones. Sandisk micro sdhc cards would mysteriously unmount themselves then reappear so you'd get frustrated not knowing if your photos or videos were really backed up on the card. I switched to Kingston because at the time, I saw that they have a lifetime warranty on their cards as opposed to Sandisk which only had 5 year warranties on micro sdhc cards. Now they've come out with the faster and newer UHS class 10 micro sdhc cards with lifetime warranty. A little too late and I did not want to wait.... It worked great for adding memory to my GPS. Nothing bad to say at all. I would recommend it to others. Can't go wrong with kingston. Something to store hundreds of pictures and transfer . I've bought 5 of these for my phone and camera. Works great in my phone. Plenty of storage for photos and videos. Probably the easiest way to get pictures to your computer in bulk from the phone. I needed a way to add 5000 pictures & 1500 songs to my SGS4 . This works great. I highly recommend. Does the job it was intended to do perfectly. The lock on the adapter doesnt seem to do anything but besides that, this is a strong reliable product. Hey its a Kingston product... do you expect anything less? Its the no name brands you should be worried about. Nice product, nothing to add that its quality of Kingston. I will use it as a SD card for my Nintendo 3DS I needed a card for my Garmin to install extra maps. This was a good price and really, that is pretty much what its all about with SD memory cards. If the speed rating is appropriate for your needs and the price is better than the other major brands, it does the job. I give 5 stars because it just works fine. I used it to record music and put in my MP3 player so the speed is not critical. The SD just works fine! Can't believe how good this works. I use it for tablet and have used it for 4 months. Easy to install or remove and works great inserted into the adaptor to use it computer. Verry satisfied good price for 32 gigs and purfect for my phone it holds alot off the music that i want for day to day use Needed an inexpensive micro sd card. It's used in a Blackberry phone - mainly for music. It's a class 4 and works fine. It was a little bit slow loading the music when I transferred it but after that first initial time, all is fine. No complaints and a card adapter was included too. Very satisfied for an 8 gig micro sd card for under 10 bucks. No problems so far, got my music very happy and rejoiced, especially for the price! It's like $40 in target for this setup and i payed less then half much less. As advertised, have not used it for my GPS as yet, did format it, seems to be working fine, I have a few Kingston cards and have never has a problem with any of them. DE Loads in my computer, I am able to load content onto it. Seems to have the memory advertised. Good buy. Need an upgrade in memory for my BlackBerry and this purchase fit the bill! With the free adapter, I can even use it with my laptop! a very good memory, flawless and very good quality, more than enough for my phone that I had before August 1 gb but did not fit me all my songs, now I do not worry about it. Got this for my cousin's phone and it works great no issues and the adaptor comes in handy so that you don't have to connect the cable to the computer just insert card into the adaptor and then into the card reader on the machine and that is it. Got this for use in my 8in Tablet as storage, Have had it for over a month now no problems at all with it. Transfer files easily and very fast. Great product from Kingston and they usually made great products. The price was excellent. I've had it in my phone for a couple weeks now, and still nothing to complain about. Got here on time, packaging was good. No complaints. I used these on a trip recently in two different digital cameras and they performed excellently. I have no complaint and would buy this again if needed. I come to value ordering through amazon to be quite valuable , it get here , I didn't spend any money on fuel going out to get what I needed and I bought what I needed (and nothing else) with the cost of gas I might have spent $ 5 on fuel and a couple of hours just getting what I needed. Add Amazon prime and it is a bargain with free shipping It's a damn memory card Does as advertized lots of space Read and write speeds are slow, its a class 4 Cheap! So Yeah Not bad Using it in a Samsung Galaxy S3 for about a month now. It's worked perfectly, unlike the past sd card that had problems with this cellphone and then just stopped working at all. What else can I say? it is micro, mini, lots of space, solid state, Kingston...What else is there? Oh ya priced right! It was worth the cost. have no problems with it and the space is perfect. I would recommend this buy. I have always been weary of Kingston products. Some people may have had experiences with Kingston products where is seems that the memory cards don't work in their devices-- I can't say that won't happen again... For now, this is the best product I've bought from this brand of memory cards. I have not had an issue with the card as of yet and I'm happy that I tried Kingston again. Their products are usually cheaper, but not for the better. In this specific case, I have a fully functional product. The memory works fine and I use it for as a phone memory. It has the perfectly memory size for use with the phone. my son's cell phone was stolen and we were left to replace it and his memory card and we could not have found another card this size for this price I receive way before expected!!! inmediatly make the change of my 2gb micri sd to this and so easy to capy all my files... so fast! I'm very, very happy with this product! Bought 2 of these for 2 children's tablets for a little extra storage. They work just like they should and I have had no problems. Would order again if I need more. A gift. I am certain that the extended memory will be appreciated after the recipient begins to download his music. This is exactly what I ordered and it is great. It meats what I needed. The packaging was perfect, not very difficult to open and safe. This will need to be returned because even though it fit, it worked for two pictures and then "froze". I will be sending it back. When I bought this, I didn't realize I was getting the regular memory chip adapter with the microSDHC chip. I know at least one of the reviews I read said that it did NOT have the adapter, despite the picture. This came with microSDHC plus adapter. A real bargain. This card failed in less than a year. It was in a tablet & luckily had little stored on it. How memory with no moving parts fails so quickly is beyond me. Don't waste your money on this one. Buy one from a more reputable mfg. twenty more words required to say this is a great product. I would recomend. I would however recomend if you are giving it to small children for say a nabi or a seniro citizen for a tablet you should probably hand deliver and install your self. Good Fishing. Was called and said how bad she needed this. Well come to find out her phone had one. So I have now let my son have this one in his cell phone and it works great. Thanks This product, permit to me, translate my files easier. This adapter it's fantastic to change to others cards. I'm very happy with this selection. I choose this rating because the product didn't work. The device was damaged. I put the device into my phone and saved all my pictures to it, right afterwards the device became damaged and deleted all my pictures. I purchased this card a little over a year ago for my android smartphone and it worked fine in both of my new phones. However, suddenly one day I got a notification on my phone saying that the sd card was damaged and needed to be reformatted, which would delete all of my data. My computer will not recognize the sd card when I connect it, and therefore I cannot use any recovery service to get my files back. This means I have lost around a thousand priceless photos from our family vacation as well as hundreds of music files. DO NOT BUY KINGSTON. No problems with it. Bought a second about a week after. Would highly recommend best price i could find for the quality. If I don't have to think about it, it's working as it should. The adapter makes it easy for removal and file transfers. Bought this to expand the memory in my phone it works well and I have had no problems with it. Good bang for your buck, bought it for moms phone, seems to work for her needs. A good deal as well. Worked well with my galaxy tab 3 tablet. Price was way cheaper than everywhere else including Walmart. I highly recommend this product. I bought two of these to use in our smart phones and Mp3 players. I also have one in my Zoom H4n recorder. They perform consistently well. This was a great deal got this in great timeing and itworks great i recommened this seller to anyone looking for sd cards or anything else they sell Purchased as extra memory for a birthday gift, holds more than enough songs and apps.... kiddo loves the extra storage space. can`t tell quality doesn`t work in phone i have never had any issues with kingston products before so i think its the phone . I bought this to go with the camera I got my nephew for Christmas, so far so good! Thanks so much! This product is excellent needed for my cell phone and your device is attached I can use on my laptop The Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card 16GB works with the Garmin 2555 GPS. IT comes with a micro SD Adapter so you can read it in other devices. Kingston makes great, reliable memory products. The micro card worked fine, but the adapter would not read any card. Fortunately, I have several of those adapters lying around. Kingston Digital 16 GB Class 4 microSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter... according to technical specifications promptly provided works very well easy to use well executed and finished I bought this as a replacement, and it's still working months later. I have no complaints, but no outstanding kudos either. It does as it's expected to do. Works as expected, holds the music for Blackberry and holds a lot. I've never had a problem with any of the Kingston SD cards I have have over the years, to this one for the larger capacity and decent price :) The card itself works great, the adapter on the other hand stopped working. I use the card pretty often so I've been happy with it's performance. Memory cards have been around for a long time, and now are being taken for granted. We expect them to work without problems, and this exactly what this card does. Kingston is a good quality brand. I bought this so I could use the Micros SD card in my phone, but over the last two years it's gone between my phone, my laptop and now my tablet perfectly. On my current tablet I even installed some PC games onto it (Civilization 5) and while the loading times are a little longer then with a regular HD in the end it works well and adds some much needed space to my computer. This SD card is quite a good value (for less than $7 at the time I am writing this review) and works as expected. Needed a memory card for my new digital voice recorder. This worked perfectly, giving me plenty of memory for notes. Gives me a clear recording and is quite inexpensive. I purchased 2 of these, one for my Samsung 7" tab 2 and one for my wife' Samsung 7" tab 2. Both have failed completely. They do not register on any device. Tried them both on multiple computers, adapters and devises. Disappointed to say the least. I would like to have them replaced. I will probably end up purchasing 2 new ones. I won't be buying the Kingston brand ones. Bought it for my fiance. she loves it, going great for her phone! Love the product and the way that it is working tablet space is always good just got my tablet and needed some space for thing i wanted on there is all. Card and adaptor worked as expected. it was a good way to get music on to my sons new tablet he got for Christmas. Excelent and cheaper, i will buy it another, i suggest you buy it, i bought two and buy it another I got this for my android phone. Honestly, you don't really need the super high speed, high priced flash card for your phone as you do for your camera's and camcorder's, and this Kingston fit the bill perfectly and works superbly. Can't go wrong with this card for your smart phone. Just what I needed to side load music into my NOOK. Extra 8 gigs let me put in about 50 full Cds of music w/o using up the 8 gig that is built into the Nook. I bought this to use in my 8gb Tablet to give me more room. I connected with it, show up on my space as added room. Haven't used it much but the price was right. So far so good. Small and compact. I would recommend this product. THIS PRODUCT IS EXCELLENT, THE PRICE IS VERY LOW FOR BOTH. I THINK THAT 16 GB IS WELL FOR ME. Sucks that my camera uses the micro-card. I have to put it in the larger housing to transfer things to my computer which is a pain and it may get lost. This micro sd card works as expected, arrived quickly. Nice that it had an adapter with it, its good to have. Have had no issues with this brand in my phones and tablets. Amazon what else do you want me to say :) Use it in my phone. Works great, not too slow but not lightening fast. I do a lot of file moving around and so far its holding up great sixteen gibabytes!? unheard of! i can't believe all this storage! my, and fast too. or are you just happy to see me? put that adapter on, i like it bigger I was not disappointed to have found all these accessories for my first new smart phone. In fact my first cell phone. The micro-flash card was the best price at the time. The screen protectors has a tab of paper which was difficult to remove, but it's protecting my phone from scratches. I have not needed the car charger yet. The silicone phone jacket is great insurance against jarring and dropping my prized possession. Ordered this for my son as a Christmas gift. He's enjoying it with music on his cell phone. Nice price from vendor. My Samsung galaxy tablet had only 4gb of storage space so I purchased the flash memory to expand my storage, worked out good, very satisfied, Denis Herman It has actual 7.27GB of space, works perfect on my Garmin GPS. Just what I am expected. I love made-in-China stuff very much! Great for people who have a lot of memory dependent electronics that don't share the same memory card ports. The adapter has a lock but it does not work. The other (main) functions work properly and flawlessly, and make it easy to forget the poor build of the lock. The 8GB card included has a decent storage capacity, but the adapter will accommodate higher capacity micro SD cards. If you like to have all of the same music, photos, apps, movies, etc. across your devices but they have different memory ports then this adapter and mini SD card bundle are a great buy. I have purchased Kingston flash . drives in the past through amazon. I find it to be a solid company and product. The prices are bout 1/3 of what you would pay for similar products at Walmart, Best Buy, etc. This micro chip flash card has worked fine and I am happy I got it. Thank you for the reasonable price! It worked well on my phone and does the job great would recommend if you need extra space in phone. This works perfectly in my Samsung Note 1! It absolutely allows my phone to carry several more audiobooks, playlists & photos without bogging down my internal memory! Loaded up into a tablet and it gives my grandsons more storage for their stuff. . .whatever that is. . . I would recommend the product. This Kingston 16 GB MicroSDHC card and adapter is just the thing for those Android tablets that need added storage. I have one in both of my tablets and they work just great. It is a great buy for the price. And from the review that was written I now see for myself that it is just has good has some of the other that coast much more. Friend of mine asked if I could get this for him to put music on his phone. Seems like everything worked well for him. The adapter allowed him on to his computer and the micro was perfect for his phone (sorry, I don't remember what type of smartphone he had). Got 3 SD for 3 galaxy S4s, first one failed in 4 months, second one failed in 6 months, the last one is still working, the other two just appeared blank SD on the phone, and wouldn't let me format. Great item great for the need for action camera. Great price I would buy from again if I have a need. Works great with my phone, tablet or laptop very happy with the product. It is exactly as described. Very happy with it. It cool helpful fast SERVICE it help with my space on my phne Awsome more room in my cell phne loaded flawlessly in my RazrM phone. Shipped fast Works as advertised. exactly as described what more can I say about an sd card I installed this device in my cell phone and it works perfectly. I am very satisfied with this product. I could use another one, I used this in my S4 galaxy and at first was fine and could save my pics to it...however suddenly had SD failure!!! I thought maybe the phone was wrong....turned it off and rebooted...same error...took the microsd card out put it in the adapter....nothing...asking if I would like to reformat card....tried...and failed...same error message...this thing is dead in the water along with my lost data....paid twenty buck on sale but lost a lot more... I have a number of cameras in the family of all different ages. What no one told me was that the HC10 cards would not work in my older cameras, or even in a one year old Samsung. So I was either stuck with a 2G card or a large, but slower one. I use the small cards in the still camera and this 32 in the video. I makes sense to stock up on a few extra cards for your older cameras, as they will eventually become as available as 8 track tapes... There are very few manufacturers of flash media whom you can trust to put out a consistently good product. I've use RAM and thumb drives as well as SD media by Kingston and never been disappointed. I chose this vender and product, for both price, quality and for the purpose intended to be used with either my camera or cell phone to store, transfer pictures or temporarily maintain information. I purchased this for my cell phone. I almost lost all of my photos from vacation, because the card decided it did not want to work with my phone anymore. I wouldn't recommend it. I don't know what the alternative is...but keep looking. Works great, Love it. For the price I can't beat it. I will do buisness again. I love that it comes with the adapter. Works fine. 16gb's capacity for pictures and music on my non-smartphone. The full size sd card adapter works fine too. A little secret. Phone's that format the sd card as fat16; just don't even deal with that. Take the sd micro, put it in the full size adapter, and plug it into a computer. From there format specifically as fat32. Fat32 is a filesystem most phones support where or not they will format an sd micro as such. With fat32 you have superior data read and write times compared to fat16; you can access your data faster and save your data faster (the difference was quite noticeable). everything as described. well priced. useful on some of the older models of cell phones. brand name product. i would recommend it. This sd card is much better than the one i had. And I got it in excellent time as well. very nice for haveing a convient tech tool that has a place to be put and is convient.beep beep.yeah bop CVhips always work. You can't rate a chip. They work or the don't work and it was a very cheap one. Great quality and so easy to install and transfer files. Perfect fit for all devices, the adapter helps in case of different fits. I've been buying Kingston products for a while now and I have to say I'm nothing less than pleased with them. Great buy!! And this was two dollars cheaper here than at the store! Double bonus. Works as advertised. More then enough space for what most people do on there phones and includes s a SD adapter so you can use it in pc or camera that takes sd cards. Overall these are great SD cards. But beware that if you use these in Moultrie game cameras...which I did...they can cause a read error. For computer use, they work fine at a great price. Arrived on time, well packaged, and worked just fine. Exactly as expected and more or less same as a local store (but I did not have to drive, fight traffic and park). I have never had an issue of any type with Kingston products. I will most likely be purchasing Kinsgton memory for my upcoming laptop upgrade. got this for my Samsung phone...so far it works great and it lets me add more apps,music and pics I needed an adapter for the computer so that comes in handy:-)great price It works perfectly on my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1, I was a little concern about the funtionality of it, but I didn't have t worried. I'm very satisfied, it accomplished my expectations, I bought three of them for each one of my gadgets, smartphone, music player, and camera or tablet Got this to store our daughters wedding photos and video, and it worked great. Could not ask for more than that Great card. i did not encounter problems with it. i bought it to use it with my blackberry q10. worked fine These are your basic memory cards. They work as they are supposed to. I use them in all my dlink cameras. I have one in my Samsung Galaxy 3 phone and bought this one for my husband's phone. Very good at a very good price. Excellent article, it met my expectations, with the characteristics described and displayed photo arrived right on time and in perfect condition. Recommended 100%. This is a great item for the price. I got it to put music on for my Samsung Galaxy Prevail since the phone does not have much internal storage. It works flawlessly and I am able to listen to music on the Memory Card when my phone doesn't signal to listen to Pandora this was the perfect addition to my SANDISK 4gb MP3 player. I have 20GB of total space for under $60 - you can't beat it. Easy to place into the device. Came in record time. I would order from Kingston Digital again! This manufacturer has been a leader in memory cards and memory computer memory chips for as long as I can remember. I have never received a bad product with the name Kingston printed on it. This product does what it is suppose to do. I highly recommend the product and the vendor. Not much to say about this other than it works like its supposed to. I am happy with it and will be buying another one soon!! Yes i like this memory and it was agood buy and will buy more soon.. very good storage memeory card. It is an 8 gb micro SDHC class 4 flash memory card for a camera. It should work just fine. card was just what we ordered and holds plenty of memory for what we wanted to use it for great product As described it is a 8GB micro SD and its working well in my phone for a couple of months now. It what I have expected and hopefully be helpful enough. I will recommend it as much as possible. Thank you The product is as expected This item is OK, I like it I recommend this product to everybody This product is good quality Works like it's supposed to. Never had any problems with it. If you need this, just go ahead and buy it. A very basic but very reliable SD card, Read/Write speeds are fast enough for the price, and you can bulk order multiple instead of one larger drive like I did. A nice tip, use a black sharpie to write out the white lettering, let it dry, and use a white sharpie to label, have all my pictures and documents labeled this way. My girlfriend bought this memory card for her Galaxy S4 that she bought this passed summer. It worked great for a while. Then today its just stopped working. She lost all her pictures, music,and videos. At first we thought it was her phone but we tried using it with its reader on two different laptops with no good results. the laptops didn't pick it up. we were so desperate that we even tried it on her television usb slot but nothing. I went to the Kingston website for tech support and I read that these SD cards tend to mess up on Android 4.1 & 4.2 devices. So if anyone is getting it for there Samsung Galaxy S3, S4, or Samsung Galaxy Note II please beware of this, because you might loose your important documents when it becomes unresponsive. If anyone has it already, make sure you back it up and start thinking about getting a new one not of this brand. This has been in my Garmin GPS for 3 years and I haven't had any problems. I keep all the updated maps on this drive and it's working like a charm. It was perfect to back up all my families photos and some intel that I want to keep always with me This flash card corrupted the files I had saved to it from my cell phone. Mainly pictures I took that I can not retrieve any more. The product works excellent for me. I ha no complains about it. I use it for all my downloads no need to a bigger memory. Love it. It works like a charm. This product is highly recommended for anybody that is interested in it. Will buy again. Great price for the size. Using this in a Garmin GPSMAP 62s. Comes with the adapter so you can read it from a standard SD reader. Just what was needed to expand the memory in my Garmin GPSMAP. No issues and it fit in place perfectly. it's a 16gb micro flash card, works great like most generic flash card. adapter fits properly and worked nicely. no problems with this product. I am able to save my info without a problem; I chose Amazon and save a trip to the store. I would recomend to anyone who are looking for cost effective products. This works perfectly across all of the devices Ive tried it in and my only complaint is that I wish it held more GBs, although thats a personal preference. Very affordable price and just what I was looking for. Arrived quickly and without issue. Really happy with this purchase. I've had this in my galaxy s4 for many many months and have had absolutely zero problems. I am comfortable recommending it. can there be anything negative about memory cards? There hasn't been any for me, and so I am quite happy with it Kingston is by far the best flash and USB memory card maker in my opinion! I've never had any problems with the Kingston products. I have once used a cheaper flash card thinking all SD memory cards are the same, I was wrong and paid my price dearly. The photos I took with my galaxy smart phone were lost because the cheaper one had problems registering with the phone. I have been using Kingston brand ever since I accidenty washed my Kingston USB memory card that was in my jeans, dried the pants (and the card) in high heat but still had no problems. By the way, I don't work for Kingston nor none of my family members works for Kingston. I just think that Kingston makes qualtiy products! 16 GB- enough to provide a real storage amount for your cell phone without spending too much cash. The SD adapter makes it relatively fast to dump music and other files to it. Great memory at a great price (I use it with a samsung galaxy s4 and an s3). Would definitely buy again. this is a memory card, it holds lots of memory and i like that as small as it is, there's the larger memory holding card to put the small one into so you can bring it somewhere to print pictures tis has worked better than expected I have no problems with this if I need another one I know where to get itr Purchased this Micro Card to use in a key chain Cam. It works out perfectly. That was the purpose for buying it.I am sure it will work in many devices as well. It comes with the adapter as well, if needed. Great product and reasonably priced. Super duper little card. Works great in my Wii U. It's small and black with white writing. Which is awesome. Bought this to store Android OS for my Nook to boot off of. Wrote flawlessly and reads flawlessly. And does these at a fast enough rate to keep my "toys" happy. I didn't need too much capacity so went with 4g. Also came with the adaptor to turn the micro card into a standard size so older electronics can use it. All in all a great buy for the price, and from a great brand too. Kingston! Hope this helps. Ron K. Card has formatted to many times on me lost so many pictures and important documents. Only trust SANDISK brand.. KINGSTON & PNY are NO good! like the idea se the micro as well as the full size SDHC card that I can use, you pay a little more for this convenience but no problem with the product This product is of very good quality. The costs did immediately, arrived on time. The completely sealed package without any damage. It works perfectly. For what I paid, I'm really happy with this product. It's given me no problems and has lots of room for storage on it. Great deal would recommend easy buy shipping great work well with my PC to down load information card reader holder is a bonus. I can now listen to music whenever i want, I use it for my phones media and i love it. I used this card in my Galaxy S4. While in the Virgin Islands it decided to unmount itself in the night. Since then I have been unable to access the card from any device to get my honeymoon pictures. fake but works. no complaints. no complaint. its an sd card. there is nothing to say about it. ugh ugh I must have gotten a dud bc after 7 months of working perfectly, it erased everything and reformatted itself while inside my Galaxy S4. I didn't even realize it happened until none of my ringtones worked anymore. Got this several months ago and never fully used it. Few days back had to copy a lot of data and it says 32 GB when I format it but will not store more than 8 GB. It came in really good conditions. I already tested on my Samsung G S3 and it is working so far so good. I bought it to replace a 32 GB Sandisk memory sd card got damaged after Andorid upgrade to 4.1.2 version. I expected that this size of memory card doesn't give hard time while running this version. Great product and super fast delivery.I use this in my Android Tablet .It gives more storage for all of my photos Good price, fast shipping, just what I needed. An SD adapter and a micro SD card. Paid 10 for 16GB for my phone It is exactly what I was looking for at such low price, it took a long time to arrive, but when it finally did, it was as advertised. sd card and adapter came in one sealed little package. Arsenal PC is not selling counterfeit sd cards. Very satisfied They are great SD card and they work great in our Dell Venue 7 16 GB tablet(androld) and my wife has the same tablet I have so I got two SD cards. I had to get this for my Garmin Nuvi because the latest map wouldn't fit on the internal memory. Did the trick so I could install the update. Works well, fit right into slot and I was able to download to it right away. The price was also very good. Use it for my Note 3 and it works perfectly with no problems on my end. It just works and is a great product. perfect, love having more space on my tablet. Reasonable price, works great, no problems. Holds tons of songs. Perfect in everyway. eeh does the job, you are getting eight gigs, but this card seems perform slow when you switch it onto another device. Once all the things are settled, everything works good. Easy to use and holds all m y music. I will use this in many different types of devices also. Item worked. always go with kingston for sd cards and don't store card in your ear as storage. buy with confidence. why spend a lot for a micro card when this more than fills the bill for most of the times you may need the micro card. Still going strong a year later, was good price; As expected. I won't buy any SD media that doesn't come with lifetime warranty. It's an expression of faith the company has in their product imo. I think it's some virus. My computers get frozen after I try this card. Its happens several times. DO NOT BUY THIS CARD EVER!!! Good value for the right price. Has 8GB storage and is so small. Allows me to carry foreign maps on my Garmin. Works. Comes with the adapter and is seen by my nook hd+, samsung galaxy player 5.0, and my computer adapters (I have a few). Can't go wrong if you need a small card :) It met all my expectations. It provided the extra storage I needed and is very fast. A great value in every way. SD failed after less than 60 days, no longer records files. Defective, does not function as advertised. I will not purchase the brand again. It is tiny but you can record your grocery list and anything else you want to take with you. Help I bought the 8 GB micro SD, and everything goes well so far, I was afraid of some reviews I read before, however I haven't had any problems. I own two of these for my cell phone. I take stuff on and off a lot and have never had any trouble. I may at some point get a third one. This Works. Nuff said right. For under $10 you cant go wrong no reason to spend more its all the same once it goes in your phone or whatever you put it in. Love it! Works like a champ! I will recommend this to everyone I know! You need to buy this! :) It's simple flash media. It has a fairly large amount of storage for a low price. A good deal for me. I got this for my Garmin Nuvi 1300. I wasn't sure how it would be used so hot the adapter, too. The adapter is unnecessary. Works great! well it does what it it meant for its a memory card, who knows maybe its part of a bigger picture. Very stable memory card. Have had no issues with it and it has had to handle photos and music. would recommend it to anyone looking for a reasonably price micro card. Used with Soundfly AUX MP3 Player Car Fm Transmitter. Loaded it up with a couple thousand songs and it works great. It's so handy to have the option of installing the Micro part without the adaptor for loading it up via the computer. I purchased this microSD card to record video on a roadtrip. Using HD settings on my camera, I recorded about 2 hours of video and only used about 9gb. The included SD adapter made it super easy to load the video onto my computer when I was finished. Good product at a fraction of the cost of competitors offering microSD cards of the same quality. These are so inexpensive that I purchase them in fours. My main use is to store my extensive music collection by artist. For example, this will easily fit a ten disc set of Oscar Peterson's music titled Kind of Peterson, along with 7 Classic Albums - Oscar Peterson, plus additional albums. For some artists I need two of these, and for some I have room to spare, The adapter allows me to use this in an EasyAcc CSR Bluetooth Speakers with USB Flash & SD Card Playing, as well as from my laptop. I have tried this in my Samsung Galaxy Note II phone and it was immediately recognized and mounted. The write speed is a tad slow, but the read speed is fast enough to stream music and video. The bottom line, though, is the price of quality SD storage in the smaller capacity cards like this one has fallen. That means that you can use them for building a digital library that can be sub classified or grouped by artist, author or actor depending on what you are storing. Moreover, this makes a great back-up for weekly snapshots of documents, or photos. The price was low and the product was in excellent condition. My mom has a new phone and she needed at memory card for it and an adapter to move the photos to her computer. Bought this 32 GB card to replace a 2 GB card that I had in my Samsung GS 3. Formatted and transferred my photos and added more songs to what I already had. Card seems to be functioning well. No problems so far and I really don't expect any. Would buy again if needing another for something. Reasonable read/write speeds. No complaints. Kingston is always my go to brand for reliability. With that said, this is not the fastest card but for uses in cellphone, MP3 player etc. It works well. Kingston has always been quality for a good price. I've used Kingston memory and I am not disappointed with the product. I really liked what you acquired the product is what I wanted thank you'll see later in more personal products Excelente producto recomendado para todos, muy buen vendedor Nothing special, but no reason to complain. There has not been any error until now and the speed meets the Class 4 requirement. Got this to replace the 2GB SD in my old smartphone so we can use it like an iPod. I put all our Christmas music on it for my wife when we are off to our timeshare. we are using it with a pair of tiny speakers that sound pretty good. This product worked just as I needed. Packaging was quality and came very quickly. No issues whatsoever. I would definitely recommend buying this product my friends. Works just great with several of my devices and no data glitches, loads and unload very fast. I've always had good luck with Kingston. It works very well for my Garmin GPS. No significant decrease of action speed was found after install all North American maps. Amazing storage for such a tiny object, but finding them to be unstable. This will be the third order for replacements in 2013. It's an SD card and it works as well as the next. Isn't it rediculous houw expensive such a tiny piece of plastic is?!?! I have purchased Kingston Memory products in the past, and so far they work great. but four month ago i bought Kingston16 GB micro SDHC ant it stop working. first, i got a massage that the is an error in the card and it recommend to format the SD card.. i took it out of my phone and put it with the adapter in my computer, my computer didn't find the drive. very upset of the data that got lost.. this holds a very large amount of music my lady is a music lover. compliments the other gift I gave her The price was right, and Kingston is a very reliable brand, so I am happy with this purchase. Bought it to use for storage in my Samsung Galaxy tablet. This was an excellent buy. The Flash Memory Card works fantastic. Kingston is one of the only companies that I trust with both my memory cards and my flash drives. I have never been disappointed with either the memory or the company. This SD Card is very durable and very cheap compared to an SD card that you would find at Walmart or radio shack. I'm Very impressed and everything came on time and expected. Once again amazon came to the rescue. Great price and has been in constant service for several years now. Absolutely no complaints of any sort. Would purchase again. I enjoy how it provides more space on your phone than a 4 GB SD card. It seems to only give you 7.80 GB, or somewhere around there, instead of a full 8 GB. Still, I'm not complaining. Even though I gave it 4 out of 5 stars, it is still a great buy that I really enjoy having for my Android phone. The small form factor is nice for storing a lot of data. I hope prices and capacity will keep moving in opposite directions. For a miniature storage device, it does the job to hold a lot of data. Too bad prices are not coming down faster than magnetic media. Fast shipping and it works in my daughter's cell phone. I got 2 so I hope it works in the other phone too! What can you say. They worked and the price was right. Used one in an MP3 unit and the other two in Garmin units. This is a great, little memory card and now holds all of our pictures from our five-week vacation in Africa. I love it! Perfect for my needs. The adapter is a nice feature - I bought it for use in a tablet, but this makes it easy to use in a laptop as well. THIS CARD IS FAKE!!!!!! I bought it for my digital camera a year ago and didnt have any problem with it and didnt suspect it till an Ebay seller sold me some fake cards. I went and checked all my memory cards and this one is counterfeit. Check all your memory cards!! There are application on android phones or programs on pc's to check them. If you bought any cards online from Ebay or Amazon or anybody that is not a brick&mortar store then you could have bought a fake!! Kingston makes some of the best flash drive products and this didn't disappoint. Bought for my Samsung S4 phone and as expected it works great and at a decent price. Couldn't be happier. Not much to say because it's an SD card except to say that it worked in our equipment (a Garmin GPS). Price was one of the best we could find and Amazon Prime shipping made it a great deal. We purchased another SD card at the same time. It stopped working after about 2 months. Also, I cannot retrieve any of my data. I cannot even format it using my computer and my tablet screen shuts down when I insert this card into it. Good product and fast shipping. What can you say about a micro SD card? I bought two and both are good. One went in my Samsung phone, and the other in my camera. Lots of storage for a cheap price. Works great, make sure you are getting the right class of card, i bought this thinking it was a class 10 for my newer cameras, but it isnt. Still works for my phone, voice recorder and older cameras. I want to highly recommend QuickBuy1 for their excellent customer service. Although i ordered this memory stick for my Olympus 550WP camera because it said it was compatible, it didn't fit. Turns out my camera only takes up to 2 GB memory card, so PLEASE do yourself a favor and read your camera manual before purchasing a card. QUICKBUY1 sent the item out quickly, and was just as quick to receive it back with FULL refund to me (including shipping) when it didn't fit my camera. THey also went second mile to be sure Amazon changed the write up on this product so as not to confuse future buyers. Don't hestitate to order from them, they do a get job!!!! Works like it should. Couldn't imagine how it would be broken I mean it is a micro USB get it for your cell phone. Has been working well, several months now, very happy. Use with my phone and haven't had any problems. Good deal. For the price, I can't help but to get more of these 8Gb microSDHC cards for my Logitech Alerts cameras. This only thing complaint is it is not a Class 10 (yes, I could have paid more for one) but suffices for any infrequent recordings with my cameras. Keep in mind that when used in constant write/record mode, these tend to fail within a year. Very efficient for saving songs for my media player, am able to easily store a good amount of songs on the micro flash memory almost as if like a flash drive. With one small micro-card I doubled the capacity of my Samsung Galaxy S4. It was simple to install and I immediately could drag and drop my music and photos into the phone. One of many reasons I left iPhone. This fit the camera I bought perfectly. I got all the underwater shots I wanted, it had plenty of memory. This is a good deal for the non-pro like me who just wants reasonable speed at a great price. Several months of use and I'm still happy. Works well! Perfect amount of storage for a great price! Came very fast in very good packaging and I would not trade it for the world. It does what it is supposed to do and am happy with it. Good price and good delivery . Buy one if you need it. Great price, needed to get a bigger card to hold all of the songs we wanted to shuffle through on our playlists and this was perfect. Stores my data precisely and fits into a Nook Simple Reader perfectly. Got to be careful with its tiny size as it is pretty easy to loose it; its about as small as I want to go with flash cards Absolutely no problems. It has worked perfectly for me, I put it in my phone (Galaxy S3) and it has worked exactly as it should. Obviously you lose some space due to formatting so you get about 28 gbs if I'm correct. Still, great for the price. Works great, as advertised. Price was good as well. I would suggest this product for those who need an sd card Wish I got these after the price went down, but who's complaining. They work well. Would buy them again. Good luck. This is a good Flash Memory card. It works for what I needed it for and is a good value compared to anything available locally. It was nice that it come with an adapter. It doesn't come with a case like they used to. i bought 16 of these for my wedding so that we could put them in cameras around the event. All of the worked perfect. no complaints here I have used Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card brand for years with no problems ! I trust the name. I purchased several of these microSDHC memory cards. They work great in the point and shoot cameras I use. I stopped purchasing items like this locally because of the price. In most stores an 8 GB SD card is considerably more than what I paid for these. I really liked my article and I use it a lot I hope to continue doing business with you. o k Nice and not expensive memory, bought as a small gift for my cousing. Now he can store more stuff on his Samsung Galaxy S2. Nice product at an excellent price. Easy to use and came packaged in original packaging. I would buy something like this again. Great product for the price paid. Works fine on mobile phones or camera and the adapter on the PC or laptop. It is a SD card. It fits in tiny SD card holes very well! It saves stuff from your devices and keeps it safe for you......as long as you don't lose it's tininess. My phone hasn't complained so far after I shoved it in there. I bought this Kingston to replace a Sandisk that seems to be a bot troublesome in my Tascam DR-02mkII. Tested it thoroughly before taking it to a recording gig. Works well so far. Always liked Sandisk media, but now will buy other brands first. The Sandisk was first on Tascam's list of tested media. Works great, cheap price. I bought these to use for getting music from my laptop to my smart phone. I've been using the micro sd in my phone for a few weeks now and have yet to have any issues. 5/5 stars. It works it does not appear to be counterfeit I don't know what else to say. It does the job. The product fulfilled a requirement necessary for classes, which is why I brought the item. I thank you for prompt service. Decent quality! I bought this 8GB memory card a couple of years ago. It was very high quality and fast, and that is way I am still using it today. This little guy has been extremely handy over the years. I purchased this on July 12, 2010 and it is still going strong! I haven't had any issues with this microSD card like I have had with other flash devices over the years. It is decently fast and definitely reliable. I even bought the 64GB version for use in my Blackberry Z10 and it works like a charm. If you need a reliable card, this is the one for you. PROS + Reliable + Fast + Comes with SD Adapter CONS - SD adapter acts funny from time to time but not enough to deduct a star This is so good for the price you should buy it feels real thin and like its going to brake but it holds alot of picturs on my camera CAN NOT FIND THIS PRODUCT ANYWHERE CHEAPER. i TAKE THIS OVER THE COUNTER MEDICINE DAILY. I COULD GET A PRESCRIPTION FOR IT BUT WHY IT IS BETTER PRICED HERE The merchandise is awesome. love it. will recommend friends and family to buy from the website. love it. love it.. It works,no complaints. No issue with the speed. I use it with my cell phone. Will buy another card. zzzzzzz I am loving this stuff, I can click pictures and not worry of memory chip getting full awesome product for good price Meets expectations, is well suited to the needs required in the, time. I'm very happy with what I needed and what I received heavenly No reason in particular only that it is doing its job. I would recommend it to friends and family alike. I use this to do the recordings for my outside security camera system. All I had to do was insert it and is was ready to go. So far it has done it's job. Kingston is one the industry leaders when it comes to memory so you always know that you are getting a high quality product that you can rely on. The included adapter make the card useful for more than just the limited number of items that only have Micro SD slots. I used this card for my Galaxy S4. Lasted for a little over three months until the card gave up on me. I couldn't restore the photos i had on it. Waste of money. Do not buy. i feel good about my video recording and not worrying about not having enough space to make my dvd's. good quality results This memory card erased a lot of photos and videos from my phone and stopped working after about a month and a half. Disappointed with it and now I can't even return it. Received in March, died in November. I know SD cards are getting cheap, but I still expect more than a few months out of them...and I expect them to fail slowly, not all at once. Apparently it's too late to RMA it and this thing is completely unusable now. It's unable to mount - I've tried 6 operating systems and 3 card readers. It's just dead. Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter SDC4/16GB. this item when received the adapter is not included. I am only 31 and keep telling myself that I should not be amazed that 8gB fits on something smaller than my fingernail. Every time I look at it, though, I'm like "No way!" I have had no issues with this card. The only downside is you could lose it just by looking at it cross eyed. If you have deep-pile carpet and you drop it in there... No issues. Does what it say on the tin. Comes with an adaptor for larger slots. Otherwise, it is a pretty straightforward SD card. This product is a great buy on Amazon. It is the size of an SD card, but that is the adapter, the actual memory card is a tiny micro card that slips into the adapter. 8 GIG, utterly amazing. (some of your choices are larger) I purchased this card specifically for use in a Garmin Oregon handheld GPS. It is a class IV, so speed wise it is not a blazing fast performer, and is probably best for "static" data applications like storing MP3 music in a media player or cell phone, or maps in a GPS (which is what I bought it for). By "static", I mean applications where the device is mostly only reading data and not writing much. This card will also work well in smaller or older digital cameras of 12 megapixels or less, for still photography or VGA video (640 x 480). Class IV cards like this will almost certainly NOT work for high-def video. As a camera card, I would only use Kingston or Transcend cards with caution. I have only experienced a few SD card failures in digital cameras since switching from film to digital in 2003, but both were from Kingston and Transcend cards. I have never had a Sandisk card give me any problems in a camera. Using these lower priced cards for music or GPS mapping data is not going to pose a problem since you have (or should have) the data backed up on your main computer at home. If a card fails, just buy a new one (8 gb cards are dirt cheap) and re-write the data. But a failure of a card in a camera, say on a once-in-a-lifetime vacation, is another matter - you don't want to take any risks with an economy priced memory card when the same sized Sandisk card is probably only a couple dollars more. SUMMARY: A budget priced 8gb class 4 micro-SD card with an adapter, so you can use it in almost any device that takes either Micro or Regular SD cards. Works well for read-only applications like music or GPS mapping where you only write the data to the card once, but use with caution in digital cameras, especially for critical photography where a card failure would be a major calamity. This card is NOT SUITABLE for high def video (resolution more than 640 x 480 at 30 fps). The Amazon Frustration-free packaging is nice: much easier to open than a typical heat sealed blister pack. Nice price good quality,what more can I say. I like the fact that it can be used on any unit that needs micro or reg. size card. An incredible amount of memory in such a small package. Put half of my music library on it and are using it in my Sandisk MP3 Player. We purchased a few of them and used them to store images for our security systems / cameras. All of them worked as expected and so far so good. I have been using this micro SD card on my phone and works well. I have used the reader with the micro SD card that came with it and I have tried other micro SD cards (other brands) and the reader works well and it is fast. I have used this product in my camers and phones with excellent results small size good capacity for storage of photos, etc. I used with this with my Raspberry Pi. I was able to install the OS and expand the file system to use the entire space of this card. I didn't perform any speed tests with the card, but it seems to work fine with no stability problems with my Pi. This works great. I haven't had any problems with it at all. It is just what I needed to save everything on my phone. With the adapter, I can put things from my computer on it. Product arrived very quickly, well packaged. I was able to use card without any problems ( camera has SD card, trying to view photos on a NookHD with a microSD card slot) No formatting needed, worked instantly, my family member is very happy with the new ability to view pictures, as well as the upgraded storage capacity to 16GB! Priced extremely well. Good brand/product/price. Does the job. I bought for use in my wife's new phone. Now more 'out of memory' issues. it did everything i wanted it to do i have all my games and pictures and all my music downloaded but i need to get the 64 gig card now Good storage at a good price. works as advertised . I like it you should like it too. Compact and convertible. Yes its working perfectly. The dilevery was right on point and I didnt have to wait a second more. Thank you. Not much to say other than the product works just as any other flash card for a great price. A plus with the adapter. it is always good to have extra memory cards around for back ups and this one does the job well. Memory card was 'undetectable' in cell phone, laptop & desktop after 4 months. Card was replaced by warranty but lost everything (pictures) that was on the card. awsome quality, includes the adapter, fits perfect in the note 2 and the note 3, adapter fits perfect in computer slot Works fine. Just what I wanted & ordered. I've used Kingston products in the past and this one works fine, as advertised. I purchased 2 Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GBETand they are working good. Would purchase again The card failed - the partitions can no longer be read - after 6 months of use. Going back to Transcend for my next card... It does what it's designed to do! I got it to extend memory in my cell phone so I can store pictures and contact data. I can remove the flash card and take it to Walmart to have prints made. Came in a very timely manner. Was exactly what I ordered, havn't used it yet but the person who advised me to purchase it said it was good quality. very happy with this purchase. works Fantastic. Was exactly what I ordered and expected to receive. I would order this product again If needed. This product was also needed in order to transfer photos from my cell phone to my computer. I'm happy now I did not receive this item, when I open the AMAZON BOX all of the other items that I have ordered was ok, but this Kingstron SD wasnt inside. The Box was not violated, but the SD card was not inside. Picked this up so I can have all of my favorite music on my Blackberry. Also enables me to take tons of video, which you do a lot when you have a 14 month old. Met all of my expectations. ..great price, excellent product, I would recommend it to my friends and family. Superb replacement for your electronic need. I give it a 5 star I really like it.It was what I wuz looking for the quality is great. Good memory stick at a decent price. It isn't the super high speed stuff, but it was just what I needed. This item went with the camera that I purchased also through Amazon. It has been working just fine and the exchange from camera to computer is easy. I bought this micro sd card and it only worked for about a month. After the month, it just stopped working and my phone said it did not have a micro sd card. I thought it was my phone, but then i put it inside a different phone and it said the same thing. It would have been a great product if it actually worked, too bad it didn't. Don't spend you money on this, it is just going to stop working and they will not do anything about it. It was just as I expect, it arrived on time. i am satisfied with the quality of this product, it worked well. Thank you for the product i received it was just what i wanted and i look forward in doing more I bought this little guy for my phone, and it works great. I'm not sure what else to say about it. It's a MicroSD. It comes with an adapter. I have had no technical issues. I've purchased several of these because after a few months it stops working on my phone. the phone just cant read it or recognize it after awhile. I dont know if its the card or my phone so i dont think it would be fair to give it a lower rating. I will be buying another brand next time to see if it is the card or my phone. I mean if you have to keep buying new ones then you end up spending way more money over time then just buying a better brand. So we shall see. This is good for your phone or your laptop. Easy to remove inner SD. Make sure you keep the outer one if you are not using the smaller one. I would not purchase this item the first time if i knew the one i would get was bad... But how can you know this until you get it. Kingston is an ok brand.. idk if it was a real one heh ... seriously it happens online.. but what can you do .. it was cheap Bought this for my son in college to use in his many devices. No problems with it so far. It seems to work fine in all of his devices. The memory card are bad. I purchased two and used them on my wife's Samsung Galaxy S4 mobile phone and mine too. It turned out the same problem occurred on both of cards. Our phones became frozen quite often since we utilized the cards and the pictures can not been displaced on the phone. We wasted a lot of time struggling on those issues and it's really frustrating. Kingston 4 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/4GBET. It works well in my Nokia cellphone. Just as described. Works well in my portable photo scanner. I have used flash cards before but never one so small. A quality product. Perfect for my Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0. Worked like a charm. Micro card came with a regular size adapter, which makes it adaptable for many different types of equipment. Good price for the storage capacity and what I like about this is that it comes with an adapter to hook up to a computer to expedite transfer of files. Excellent product that works the way it should with no issues. Will order again when I need one. Excellent ! everything about this seems to work just fine. It has definitely made my life a lot easier. If you need a sd card this one is a good deal. This card works fine. I bought it for my DroidX phone, and it fit right in. No problems at all. Recommended. Just at the title says, it works with the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S3. The flash card adapter worked as expected in the laptop too. Very pleased with it and haven't seen any speed issues so far. Works well and inexpensive. Received it quickly within the promised time. I would recomend it to any one that owns cell phones. I had a 2 gig card in my GPS that couldn't do directions from coast to coast simply because the memory was too small for the track, upgraded the card and no more problem. It's about as fast as any good MicroSD, price was excellent. I bought this to use in my Blackberry cell phone and I have tons of music and videos stored on it. It is very inexpensive and works great. It can be a great gift to give anyone for the holidays. These worked great, they hold everything I need them to and they work consistently without an issue so far. I did have to buy a new card reader since mine was so old it could not read high capacity cards with new style format. But other than that it was great, my only issue I have with it is that I would have liked it to include a holder. I had to find old spares to keep everything in place so I wouldn't lose these cards as I use them for work. I guess next time I will opt to not get the Amazon option bulk packaging. But I would not care if these cards were intended to be used and stored inside a device on a permanent basis. Space enough to have Naruto season 10 through 13 in full HD quality, and a few songs to go along with the tablet... It's an SD card. Not much else to say. It works as expected. It's black and average size. Need I say more. I place the sdcard in my phone and so far it is working great. I hasn't crashed yet, so that is a plus! I like this SD Micro card. I'm using it as a memory card for my cell phone since I lost mine somehow. Compatible with Samsung Galaxy S2 and easy to use with laptop to transfer files I purchased two of these for my two Garmin GPS'. One of the SD cards was dead on arrival (DOA) and the other worked and was formatted instantly to the GPS. I contacted Amazon and was sent a new one with next day shipping at no extra cost to me and without having to return the dead one first. For gps use, these have been great and still have plenty of space left over even since I added all of North America and all of Europe onto the cards. Put it in my phone, now have lots of space to download pictures and apps. This helps save the time it takes my phone to operate. I use it with my voice recorder for lectures, and it is super easy to use. The price is great too. The memory Card works but the adaptor is not working at all.i have to sync my pictures with the data data cable...Do not buy it. Worked good for 6 months in my phone. Then just died, lost all my pictures. Would not buy it again. I bought this card for my mp3 player with an external memory slot. Works perfectly, no issues. Transferring files onto it is a bit slow, but that's the nature of the product. It still blows my mind that we can buy so much memory in such a small physical format these days, for so cheap. The future is great! I needed a card it was fast and exactly as described, and a great price for it's capacity!! Great buy IT didn't last very long until it just died and could no longer be read. It's common for micro SD cards to have a few bad ones. Most get lucky, some don't. VERY LOW PRICE BUT WORKS WELL, RECOMMEND IT! AND IT CAN BE USED ON BOTH CELLPHONE AND CAMERA, SO GREAT! Not sure what happened but it worked for one moment then didn't. I went to a store and spent more money on one that worked. the product was what i was expecting. it is a good brand and a the product what i was looking for. The large adapter fits most places that I need it. I just figured out theat the microSDHC also fits my phone and expands the memory there. Used it for over a month now, and no issues at all. I would buy it again. Buy with confidence I bought this for an older HTC smartphone and have to say i am very satisfied with my purchase! Worked right out of the box like it should and would highly recommend it to anyone for any use it can do! Ordered two of these a few months ago for our smart phones. Started having trouble with both after a month or so and assumed it was the phone at first. Nope. Mine is totally dead now....can't even be recognized by any device therefore I've lost everything on it. My husbands is in the process of dying now. I'm trying to get all his info backed up now. I assume since they were purchased together that they were the out if the same lot. Very unhappy. Have purchased in the past but not recently. Will not buy Kingston again. Of course it was money thrown away but the data lose is much worse! Guess its not all Amazon's fault but still frustrated. A very standard SD card that functions properly and includes the adapter to use it as a full-size card instead of a micro. Works fine, definitely recommend this product. This is a good product, at a very reasonable price. It has worked we for the application(s) I required it for. It works. Can't complain. It made more room for all my music and photos on my phone, which is great. I love it. It has never disappointed me. I recommend this item to everyone. You cannot disappoint for it. very good I've been buying Kingston for all of my memory upgrade needs for years now & have never had an issue. Love sites like this where the $$ continues to go down for the same quality product. Keep up the good work everyone, Kingston & Amazon ;-)!! I bought 2 of this for two different cell phones and both stopped working about 9 months later and lost all the pictures. the phones just stopped detecting the memory and removed them and connected to my laptop and didn't detect them also. Just what I needed for my Galaxy S4 and at a low price and ease of access for transferring data to my computer! arrived before it was supposed to. I love the adapter. I had previously used an adapter that had multiple ports, but with this adapet, I can slide it right into my sd slot on my laptop. I am pleased. I like a lot, I recommend to everyone and the product came the way it shows, it's been well used, Very good!!!! This works great and holds a lot of memory, in fact I'm using it still and I bought this years ago. I would recommend this product to anyone that has an micro sd card. the capacity is far greater than that of the original phone(thank god) I have used micro sd cards for years in my smart phones however, they were always other name brands that I knew had good performance ratings. Maybe the fact that this was a warehouse deal is the real problem and cause of it's failure. The memory card was installed (just like all phones previously) and not removed and failed within a month's time and lost everything stored on the card. Will be purchasing a new, non-warehouse deal card from my previously used company name that has proven time and time again to perform. its a great deal freaking loved it the price is just right a bargain recommend it buy it buy it I have been using the items for several months and have had no problems. I am a fan of the Kingston products as I have many others. It works perfectly and it came earlier than expected...I'll be sure to be getting more of these very soon !!! I wanted new SD cards for new phone for my wife and I. These were a good value, and pretty large storage capacity. Both are in use now, and are working fine. Popped my SD memory flash card in now I'm ready to turn up and listen to my music all night. Excellent results from a pocket pedometer. This was my second order of this device. Lost my first so I bought two more. Great memory for my cellphone. Lots of space. Now I dont have to worry when I only had 2Gb of space !! ty It works as it should i have no complaints, it had a lot of space just what i needed for my phone. I use this card in my Samsung tablet with no major issues whatsoever. My only complaint is that the speed is a little lacking, but what could I expect from such an inexpensive card. I highly recommend! Worked just as it said it would. Tons of space without costing a ton. Now I can save all my photos. Great used for electronic device and would order more or an external drive with One TB memory for scanning project. is was so great if I know so banding and the one I will get another one for themI will be back great idea for transferring pictures an dfiles from your phone to your home computer. quick and easy to use. I still use it when needed. I just got this for my phone so I could store more phone contacts, pictures and such. It works just as it should and is fast. It stores files, but it hasn't worked with MP3 players at all, which is really aggravating. I don't know why it doesn't, but it doesn't. Perfect. Kingston makes great products. Have never had any issues or had to return anything. Wish I could say this about more companies. Well, its a micro sd card, so i cant say much about it, but it works perfectly and i love using it. I use it for my 3ds and i never had problems with it so far (had it for about 4 months). I would defiantly recommend this to anyone who wants to get some memory into anything that takes micro sd cards :) Does what it is made to do. No issues with using it in either my phone or camera. Will probably order more. Very good product, does exactly what it promises. Recommended for users. If anyone is looking for a similar product is recommended. It met my expectations and what shipped quickly. I like that it comes with the adapter, makes it easy to get pictures off it. the product is as described very good I recommend it 100%. 'll buy at this store in the future. excellent. Item arrived as expected, and functions for it's purpose. The memory size is a good size for the amount of pictures I'm taking. This product meets my expectation and works well in my tablet. It gives me the storage needed on my device. Never had a problem with Kingston Memory. Its inexpensive and high quality. Unless you are looking for solid state memory to put on an orbital satellite, this will do the trick. Don't worry about it. works as expected and the price was nice. Threw the micro sd card into my roku and everything worked with no problems. 2 in 1 for a low price all I can say it's only a sd card where can u go wrong Works very well in my ageing LG cell phone. Replaced a 2 gig card with this one and it wors fine. nothing wrong with this item works as advertised and i hope it will be doing what it's supposed to without problem ... This is one of the items that I can recommend to anyone without hesitation. Material, performance is very good. Thumbs up! It's small but it can hold musics or files that you need. Perfect size for me to carry around and you can lock it! Good and reasonably cheap. I don not find a problem so far. This one is just as good as the expensive ones so only a fool would buy a name brand storage alternative Nice Box But nothing in it but bubble wrap. Wasted my time on this one and money SCAM and AMAZON allows it on their site very useful for phones with low memory really save the day! it is a must have item ..you will love it Its a micro SD card, from a trusted name. I use it to store my pics and music on my phone, and have not had any issues with reading or writing to it. Good price, quite happy. I bought this for my Garmin Nuvi because the upgrade for the maps was too big to fit on the built in storage. It was lost cost, arrived quickly and worked great. Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card fit conveniently into my Garmin Nuvi 50 GPS navigator expanding it available memory several fold Does its job and have never given write errors, or similar discrepancies. Has been used as a phone SD Card, and as media for an OS installation. very good flash card If you are looking for a bigger one .and kingston is a good name that make flash card.and Adapter. Love this product. I have too many jump drives and so the micro cards are now what I use for work since they take up less room. 16 gigs in this little card is the way to go. I used this to allow downloading extensively detailed maps in my Garmin Nuvi 1450, while freeing up internal memory. It worked great. This memory is of excellent quality, practical and very useful for storage due to its large capacity, in very good article with a low price. The Kingston brand is very good what can I say about a sd storage card. it does what it's supposed to and hasn't failed yet. it was a good price, cheaper than anywhere else. Great for all your pictures and videos. I would Recommended it.I'd say it's worth the money spent for it. In addition of the adapter :) Perfect for people who have both a computer/laptop and a tablet! Save my files on the full size card and insert the micro card in the table. Now I can take my files anywhere. Not sure if its my phone or the card but it doesnt work. I keep getting told im running out of storage space. Super bummed its not working. I bought this MicroSD card for my SanDisk MP3. It comes with the adapter which I can just insert the microSD card into my computer directly and transfer the data. Purchased this because my phone's 4gb microSD just wasn't big enough for all the music and apps I wanted. The microSD works perfectly and haven't had any issues at all! I I I LIKE IT VERY VER VERY MUCH. DROPED IN FISH TANK RETRIEVED DRYED OVER NITE WORKS GREAT NEEDS BETTER ENGTNEERING JUST AVERAGE NO GREAT INCREASE IN 3.0 SPEED ................RUGGED This was a good price,it worked as expected and came on time. The mini adapter worked in all my readers. Not a lot to really say about this. It works well. No issues. It didn't come with dancing women and a party so there's not too much to get terribly excited about. ;) I've used it on: Windows 7, Mac OS X Happy with the price and value so far. :) I purchased this as a card for my Sony ICO-PX312 digital voice recorder. I've been using it since I received it and everything is working fine. I haven't really used the adapter because the recorder plugs into my computer using a usb cable to download files. It did the job, we had no problems or complaints. It was a great price also. Looked around and could not find a better deal. Works fine for my smart phone for music and photos. I would recommend a larger capacity card if you have more than ten album's worth of music . Just right for me though. Reliable brand. I bought this back in July it worked good for about the first,then I notice it kept droppin out. Today it decided to stop workin all together. 3 months worth of stuff down the drain. It is the real deal. In stores these cost double than what it is on here. I was happy with the product and i am not having any problems what so ever, I bought this for my son for his birthday. Just what he needed. Great price and you can't beat not going to store but have it shipped right to your door I like this 16 GB Flash Card because of the price, the free shipping, and name brand. So far I haven't had any problems with it and it is working in the product I placed it in. I would definitely recommend this card to any of my co-workers and friends. The card was shipped very quick and it was nicely packaged. DON'T DON'T DON'T buy this SD card. I bought this because it had some good reviews and the price was attractive. In less than 4 months it simply stopped working, neither my Smartphone nor my laptop recognized it any longer. I lost over 600 vacation photos. You really do get what you pay for and in this case it cost me a whole heck of a lot more than the initial purchase price. Stay away from this "MADE IN CHINA" crap!!!!! Bought this card because of the pretty good reviews. Not really sure how else to score it since it did what it was supposed to do, store things. However, it just randomly died on me after 7 months. I'll be checking with kingston to see if tehy can give a replacement, I'll update the review if they do. Its cheap price but good quality. Going to buy more for my friend they love to down load alot of music so i recomended this item. The capacity is great, and the speed also is good, and the best of it is the price definitely great simply,excellent!! I love the product it worked as it was supposed to such an excellent! Pluse the adapter is an A+++ i don't know if it's a bad card or not. i put it into a Garmin GPS to update the map and it's not being recognized. I've done this with other Garmins & cards with success. I rated this item a 4 because it has a reasonable price and more storage space. I'd recommend this item. I bought this little over 6 months ago and started using this about 4 months ago. On the 3rd copy into this SD card it failed completely !!! I have been using every single trick on the net to recover the card but to no avail...Amazon does not take returns of this product, looks like What can I say. I bought it for my wife's cellphone. It does what it is supposed to do without any issues. I'm happy with the price and purchase. Easy to use and practical. The service was excellent I have not had any problems with this item The memory card works great. I needed an inexpensive test piece and this has worked out better than I had hoped. Perfect for use in my Nintendo 3DS system, so I never have to pray for space. Will buy another one for my phone. Very good data, good speed. Easy to use especially with sd adapter that comes included, all for a good price. Absolutely recommended to anyone wishing to purchase Works well so far on my galaxy s2 phone and camera. I n ow have more than enough memory. Have not had any problems with them. This was very good for the price and I like it. No problem has been issued so far. good purchase! I bought this product for my Lenovo Yoga 13 laptop computer. Fast delivery, easy to install, and it works perfectly. This product arrived on time, is simple to use, and met every expectation. What can I say, its a memory card, works great. I would surely recommend to anyone. I got this card to store excess data on my phone and so far it's working good. I hope it continues to work good. Good price! Genuine! Works in everything it has been put into.. What more can you ask.... It's living in my phone right now, full of Beatles music... Excellent device, and very quick delivery! I am so Pleased with this product, works Great in my phone, and I can use the larger sized card for my computer! I Thank You so much, for a Well packaged, and super fast delivery of such a great product! Speed is mediocre, not great but also not bad. I have had this in multiple android phones with no compatibility issues or problems. Still running strong. it was the right thing that i was looking for it work very good for music videos and pictures :) bought this for my boss phone(max west orbit ) hope she likes it and has a good time with it. very nice card for what it is. If you intend to use your card for high speed data transfers or video recording I'd recommend a higher class rating, but for general data transfers this card works great. were very good my products, this again could buy more, provided the committee recommends .. the quality is awesome .. thank you very much The card worked great for about 2 months. I transferred all my pictures stored on my phone to the card, then the card died. I cannot access anything from the card. I had a lot of valuable pictures, and videos stored on that card. This really stinks! I purchased 2 of these cards to go in the new Galaxy S4s that my wife and I got. They worked for a month then both crashed. I attempted to contact the seller and have to date received no reply. I suspect that these were probably counterfeit. I will not break my rule of only ordering things that are sold by Amazon again. Needed one for my phone. This one works great, no issues. Great value for the price. I will use again if I need another one. I don't know if it's better than another sd card or not. But it's good for its purpose and fast enough. Very nice Micro SC CARD that works great. Kingston brand has always been very dependable & works good. No issues & highly recommend. Used this microFlash for a 12 journey on Maui in my goPro Hero. During the trip we took 30 hours of footage, taking the card in and out to download the saved footage, worked like it should on my MacBookPro. Seems like a small thing until you travel 1,500 miles and $2,000 later that your card didn't work, then it's a big thing. i was concerned after reading lots a different reviews on other sellers, that it would be a phony chinese card with no real 16gb storage but so far I've got 11gb and it all works just fine... Works great with my microsd cards. Has worked great so far. No issues and complaints. Just hard to keep it someplace i can remember since its soo small. Excellent, everything just perfect 100% recommended. I'm really pleased with this purchase, thank you so much. Perhaps it was a good offer. It was much less getting it online that getting it at Walmart, I checked. So if you need it get it. I got it within 3 days,nowaday you never get anything less than about 7-10 days. excellent condition and memory functioning. I installed it a Huawei Ascend Y300 and it worked very well. I recommend it. Needed for my phone after mine wouldn't reformat. Works well and was priced well. I would purchase the same again. The memory came in perfect condition here in Venezuela, its functionality is very well, you can burn music, photo directly from the camera or cell phone, you can record at the same time images from the computer even videos are recorded without that remain stagnant. Very good and pretty hard. Aesthetically it is very cute and internally is a Super machine, no complaints about that. I highly recommend. The 3.0 is super fast! The SD card adapter this came with (in the frustration-free packaging, which is all sorts of shady-looking) appears to be of shoddy construction, though the card itself appears genuine. Others have noted varying degrees of success with this particular item. If I were to go back I would probably go with another SanDisk card instead. Must get I actually really loved this saved a lot of pictures etc... Was able to use to and from pc I ordered this card to install it my security camera; it worked perfectly. I will order more when I order more cameras. I bought this sd card to replace the atrocious Sandisk version (part of the defective batch for Galaxy phones) and it works the way it should. Never had a problem with it to date. The adapter is a nice idea since the micro ad card is so small. Working just fine! I have purchased other Kingston memory cards before. Quality products! You need a memory card with any camera if you are going to take alot of pictures! A must for any camera. i love this product i bought it and it works great in my phone altho my phone has a bunch of little tiny black dots on the screen. i would be sure to buy more products like this in years to come. The Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GBET works like it is supposed to. What else can you say about a card. I am using it in my samsung galaxy 3 phone and it works fine giving me more storage room on my phone. I ordered this on March 4, 2013. I only installed it in my galaxy S4 when I was able to get that off of preorder near the end of May. It stopped working yesterday (October 8, 2013). So I only got 4 months out of it before it failed. I did notice in the past week that through my phone, some videos and pictures were not accessible one day and then were accessible the next day. Using multiple pc's, I could not access the card. I plugged it in and nothing shows up in the slot. Luckily, I pulled alot of my stuff (2.5GB) off the card about 2 weeks ago. So, I only lost about two weeks worth of pictures, videos, and saved docs. Works like it is supposed to. What else can you say about a card. I am using it in my samsung galaxy 3 phone and it works fine. does what needs to do. I bought for my son's mp3 player which required one of these and it holds pretty much several songs. It's just reasonable performance for the money: not really fast but 8gb. Some extra storage for my wifi MP3 player great shipping, great product. There really isn't much to say about one of these, other than it is what it's supposed to be I mean what can possibly go wrong with a SD card? Nothing. So this works good! I love that this comes with the adapter. 4 stars because it's a Micro SD chip. It either works or it doesn't. This does. If you need one buy this one. Got this for use in my GPS. Seems to be working just fine, with not issues noted, yet. I can't comment on speed, though, unfortunately. I'm always amazed at how much data can be stored on such a small device. Works well on my smartphone. Works as designed and holds massive amount of data. I use the micro in my tablet and data access is pretty fast. Can't complain about speed. Received when it was expected and it works as it should. I would not go to any Sprint store and pay more than needed on a memory card. This purchase was convenient. It works great, price was good and it had free prime shipping. I needed this for an older Droid that I was using as a GPS. The Kingston Digital 32 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card SDC4/32GB was the best deal Gigabyte wise card, for the dollar amount. It was a clever purchase because it has a huge memory for a long of pictures. I recommend it very much!! I have seen these at various music stores for $9.99 to sell these for that much that company must really have a bad turnover Bought these for my kids' tablet. Good enough to store some pictures and short movies and tv shows on for when we go on the road. Fast enough, though not the fastest. Good value. Works as needed. Its a SD disc. What else is there to say. Has not failed yet, and hold the memory, as it should as expected they work fine in trail camera as now I don't need to check as often with larger capacity We've been using Kingston micro SD chips in our Nooks for years now and we love them. The addition of the full size SD adapter makes it easy to use in my digital SLR camera as well. Great product, great price. NO Complaints so it gets five stars from me. The price was cheap I needed it for my Cell phone. Great product Great service! Got this for my unlocked Samsung. Holds a TON of music, phone numbers, etc. & still lots of room left. Very frustrated as I was hoping to use this product immediately. First, it didn't come with instructions. However, I did an internet search and found some instructions. Using the instructions, I kept trying the product on different laptops but it was completely dead. I'm not even sure if the product has anything inside of it. I need to remind myself to read the one and two star reviews before I make another purchase through Amazon. need this to operate the dice camera. gotta love the directions on the dice camera. does not explain easy that this is needed to operate the camera. Bought this for my phone. Works Excellent ! Also use one in my car cam I have on the dash. Excellent SD card. anyone buying this for the dashcam offered together by amazon should know that it is compatible. only thing is you get only 1 hour and 45 minutes total record time.seemed low to me but i guess it is what it is. hope this is helpful My computer doesn't recognize the microSGHC when inserted in the adapter, so no I do not recommend this microSGHC to anyone It was good - i am glad everything is perfect and OK good seller i can recommended this shop for every one the flash card was DOA it never worked had to get a refund on it, will go back to buying them at Staples well its a SD CARD nothing much to say about this. but its good . fast does what it does and its cheap that the important part This product is awesome and it has fully met all of my expectations. I really love it. it gets the job done. What can I say, this item does what it says it will do with no issues at all. I would buy this again It's a good product for the money. It has average transfer rates. Never missed a file. The adapter card works very well with many other micro SD cards. Works great for my sons tablet, no issues at all with its use or operation to date. Coming with the adapter is a plus, because it allows me to easily transfer things to and from my laptop for him. What can you say about a Micro SD card from a known brand, aside from it works. I recommend it. This Flash card failed when I needed to install an image to its root. I would think twice before purchasing from Kingston. I am sorry that I had to give a bad review but I had to be honest. Fits my phone perfectly, right price, and shipped quickly. Not familiar with this brand but it seems to be working fine. Bought for use with Kingston Digital MobileLite Wireless Flash Reader, the cards serve as audio book storage and wife has a large library. I have bought this microSD for my cellphone. I have not tested it yet but I have another and it Works perfect. I ordered this, the page lists it as a PRIME item sold by AMAZON and I needed it for the weekend to put in a tablet I ordered for a gift.... Now my package says sold by NavyBlu delivery NEXT weekend. What am I paying PRIME for ??? ITEM PAGE: Kingston microSDHC Memory SDC4 8GB Memory Card arrived on time and was very well packaged. It works in the Garmin GPS that I bought it for. The price was the lowest I've seen and for that small amount I would buy it again from Amazon It is perfect for what I need it for and it is very easy to use and understand and would recommend it. I love this thing, I can store music, pictures, and videos not to mention the important information like contacts and etc. The card was cheap, fairly large, and works at the speed advertised. It even comes with an adapter to convert it into an SD card so if you dont have a MicroSD reader, you can use it in your SD reader. Haven't noticed much difference in these products from one brand to another...but always a pleasure to go with Kingston products...always been reliable and well designed. This item was offered at a great price. I use it in my phone and have not had any problems. It did the job that I expected of it. Fast transfer speed from computer, to card; and so far I haven't had any problems with it. Great product, great storage space, and an especially great price. It is what it says it is and I am happy about it. Thank you keep it up good pricing. I use it for additional memory for a generic tablet that only has 8 gb. if i need more memory, this can always go to a phone. Storage is storage and this has never failed me. Some people think you have to have the most expensive brand, but I've never had one fail. This product is an industry standard, so it works in quite a few of my devices. It works in all of them. What can I say??? It's a micro sd card, and it works as advertised. I use it in my MP3 players, and haven't had any data loss or inability to playback as required. I bought this to go in my gopro. When my go pro froze and wouldn't work the sd card was fine and everything i saved on it was still intact. I purchased this for my husband's phone to store songs and provide more space. He loves it and the adapter has functioned perfectly. Works very good with the dashboard video camera vehicle video accident recorder DVR-1080. It makes a good combo. I like it. Can't go wrong with Kingston products and that is true with this small Flash Memory Card. I needed it to fit into my Samsung cell phone to hold pictures and music. Works up a treat ! Arrived right on time as well. Nothing special, it does the job that I purchased it for. I have since replaced it with a 64 GB card for my Tablet. Works well and came at a very good price for a wel known brand. I particularly like the adapter supplied to use it in a normal SD reader. The card is used as one of several rotated through my dash camera. With Christchurch, New Zealand under earthquake reconstruction the landscape changes rapidly so drive cam recordings are an invaluable record. I bough and install in a cell phone rising the storage capacity. Videos, photos and music. I like Kingston products. The SD card not working God.I brought it to use in my tablet an everytime put something on it it get deleted s***tttt This works fine in my go pro camera. I have no complaints about it. It seems to work and i can record 2 hours of 1080 HD with it! Tech is improving rapidly, back 4 years ago, a 16GB would of cost at least 30 dollars. Now its 7 - 9 dollars if there is a promote. so no complaints. fit for its use. I purchased this back in Nov of 2012 after about seven months it just stopped working I didn't do anything about it but I just realize that had a voice so here goes I lost a lot of movies of the family vacations and pix of the same I still have it and it useless what can I do will they replace it ill see after this James B I backed up my nearly full 2Gb microSD card. It took almost 10 minutes. I copied the backup from my computer's hard drive to this new 32Gb microSDHC card in 15 seconds. I was impressed with the performance of this card. I installed it in my smartphone and its working as advertised. So far, I have no complaints. [update: 2/21/2014] The smartphone, a Samsung Galaxy S2, is reporting the 32Gb microSDHC card is corrupt and needs to be reformatted. Ugh. great deal on the card's have been using these card for long time , they work great in all my units... Needed extra storage for my nook and this card is exactly what I needed. Was reasonably priced and have not had any issues with it. This product arrived on time and in good order. I bought it because I thought I'd like it better than a USB connection for moving photos from my Android to my laptop. Although the Micro SD works well and as advertised, I like the USB better. But good to have the Micro SD for storage, etc. (If you are not familiar with the Micro, the small piece fits into the phone for storing photos and then into the larger carrier for fitting into the PC slot.) For the price of quality and storage space to suit simple needs, this chip is perfect for quick and easy transfer from phone to laptop. Wished I had brought two of them! They work great in the Garmin gps for backing up your maps two! There's nothing bad to say about this product. It works perfectly and the shipper was awesome. Does everything it's supposed to do. I haven't been disappointed with using Kingston products even in my nice digital camera. Good deal for the price I bought it for. Bought it for my Galaxy , works great! I use it to store my music. Got it super fast very good buy. Great price for the SD card size and received the product within four days of purchase. Incredibly fast shipment and product works great for my mp3 player. These things are great. Not only do they work for my Notebook, but also in my phone. They hold more music than I could ever listen to in a week, and I'm able to store more info on them than cards five times the size. The size is less than 15 GB, I was expecting it to be at least 15 for it's a 16GB. Instead I get just a bit over 14GB overall the price is cheap. I ordered a couple of these Kingston 8 GB Class 4 Micro SD cards for some old digital cameras that I inherited. Testing yielded on average 17 MB/s sequential read and 4.5 MB/s write speeds. They work well in the cameras including one whose manual recommended a class 6 card. Just a couple of complaints: one of the Micro SD to SD adapter's outer contacts are a little uneven, so it takes a little negotiating to get it into my card reader without damaging anything; also, neither of them came with the reusable plastic storage cases...just some disposable plastic packaging. But for the price, I'm satisfied. these are very helpful. now I can take pics shoot vids and I am a happy camper lol. If you don't wanna spent a lot for a memory card buy these Just needed to get larger GB for our phones and cameras! This was a good price and received these very timely. What can I say its a mc works great like described good quality low price get one or even two Kingston 8 GB micro SDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card It is a flash card by Kingston. it is good it works and it was inexpensive. go for it. Quite simply an 8gb micro SD. Works great with my phones, no problems. The adapter is awesome for transferring to a computer! It came to me on time! Very useful item and can store picture, music and file. I'm so glad I have one form you. Please keep up a good job Well I have to admit that read quite a few of these review before purchasing two of these Kingston 16GB Micro SD cards with SD Adapter. For the low price I paid for two cards, I went ahead and purchased these cards. They arrived in the actual Kingston Retail package with the SD Adapter and these cards are a class four, which is not the fastest. However, I am very pleased with the cards because I copied quite a lot of pictures, home videos and more to the cards and in my opinion they did not seem that slow at all. Since I did not time the speed, I just let the paste process begin and kept on with my computer typing, web browsing etc. Before I knew it, these files were copied to the SD cards. Inserted them into some older (backup) phones (that I also use as very rugged music players) and so far, so good. Every file has read, every tune played and every photo and home movie is perfect stored on the cards. So for me, I am happy with this purchase. Keep in mind what the other reviewer wrote about safely removing the Android phone's old SD card before inserting a new one, this is so true. Also I find for me that if I simply turn off the phone and remove the old card and then replace the new one, the phone reads the new one fine. never an issue with Kingston SD products. Free adapter was an added bonus.Perfict fit in Garmin and fast read/write capability. works as advertised. works well with imaging my nook hd+ which is why I bought it. wish the transfer speeds were faster though the adapter, but that's probably the limitation of my on board sd card reader. never an issue with Kingston SD products. Free adapter was an added bonus.Perfict fit in Garmin and fast read/write capability. It fit my Eclipse media player perfectly. Delivery was a little slow, but it wasnt a really long wait. You can never have too many of these. Perfect Price and Product Kingston is a great Brand and this micro sdch is one of his great product. i recomended the amount of space wasn't an exact 16 gigabytes. there were 14 gigabytes in total it hasn't been malfunctioning yet but it got some stars down because it doesn't come with the right amount of space Great price for this item. Much needed item for tablet. Great for storing music and pictures and also for saving movies for smaller children to watch later.. This was placed in my daughter camcorder and she has not had any problems with using it and saving her data. You have to be careful with the actual chip because it is very tiny and can easily be misplaced. Just the answer to download pictures from your phone. This adaptor is my preferred way to download my pictures and I use it often. I needed an 8GB SD card for my Samsung galaxy 7inch Tablet for my music and movies to watch on the tablet. This came with the plug in card for my laptop which was a plus and it was brand spankey new in the original packaging so this was a legit SD card it was nice. It works till this day perfectly and the product is great. Super-fast shipping and wonderfully cheaper than Wal-Mart or any other store. Bought it and plugged it in my Acer A1 8100 tablet - it was detected and got integrated seamlessly. A couple months now,... no issues yet. Great for the price. Using it for a cell phone. Got it within two days. Fast shipping. Nice price for an sd card Works like a charm, no problems and very cheap to buy. Would buy another one in the future if needed. This product does as described. Its easy to use and does the job. I use the card in my tablet and phone. Very cheap way to back up my files and transfer them from one device to another. I would buy this again if needed. Great buy, use it with my Samsung Tablet. I down loaded some pictures from my camera, so easy to use. I only bought this because I needed an adapter for my current SD card. I used it a couple times and it worked great, but it was so small that i already lost it. My cellphone SD card is broken. I changed it. This one works good until now. It will be a good choice. buen producto buena calificacin por supuesto recomendable para todos de mucha confianza sigan vendiendo productos de buena calidad para todos After three years, my Samsung Galaxy II's memory card failed. It started acting wicked crazy, and I knew it was time for another. I backed up the information from my old card (what would back up anyway) and installed this one. It works like a charm. No complaints. Great price. Fast delivery. I purchased this memory card along with a Garmin nuMaps Lifetime North America Map Update. I had read there was not sufficient internal storage space in the Garmins to accomodate the updates. I inserted the card into the unit before updating the software. The GPS unit has worked fine since the update thanks to the Kingston 8 GB microSDHC card. I ordered this flash card to provide additional capacity for my GPS device so I could upgrade my maps. Allow me to digress for a moment... I purchased a lifetime map update for my GPS about 4 years ago. The first couple of updates went off without a hitch, but last year I got an error message informing me I could only update part of the map due to storage limitations. Same thing this year, but much more extreme - I was only going to be able to get a regional map, which was not acceptable. Rather than succumb to the pressure to buy a new device, I purchased this flash card and was able to successfully complete my update. Hopefully this will be sufficient for a few more years. I know more people are using their smartphones for GPS these days, but since I already have the device, and don't want to burn through my data plan, this is a good option. Worked out of box and haven't had any trouble with it. Works in both Samsung devices in my house without fail. IT DID WORKED FINE FOR ME. MAY BE HELPFUL AND PRACTICAL TO OTHERS. IT CAN DO THE WORK WELL WITH THE MODERN ELECTRONICS. Ive bought severeal cards and adapters, this adapter still works and is recognized by my computer. The other generic ones dont get recognized. Works well in all the phones I have used it in. Really nice to have the extra storage! The adapter is really nice to have as well! I ordered directly from Amazon, so I don't think I would have received a fake like many others claim to, but still, the card failed after less than five months in my Galaxy S4. I've contacted Kingston for an RMA, I'll update when I find out what they say. Edit: Today (Less than two weeks after requesting the RMA) I've received what appears to be a brand new replacement card in full manufacturer's packaging. Hopefully this new card lasts a more reasonable period of time, but I'm satisfied with Kingston's handling of the situation. I'm upping my review from two to three stars pending a satisfactory lifespan from the new card. I already tried, I like this kind of configuration. It is running very fast. I will note again others. thx Great price for the item, bought it online because it was significantly less than any of the local stores, fit perfect in a phone, and has served it's purpose well. Great price for the item, bought it online because it was significantly less than any of the local stores, fit perfect in a phone, and has served it's purpose well. I received this SD card and adapter very quickly and they work great. I will definitely be purchasing another very soon. I especially like the adapter! I have several other micro flash cards but no holder so this one does triple duty! Worth every penny!! This memory chip seemed like a great deal. It worked fine for about 4 and a half months and then out of nowhere died. I had it in my cell phone and it just stopped working one day and now all the photos and files I had saved on it are gone forever. Hopefully Kingston's customer service is better than their products...we will see. I purchase these when they are a good price to have on hand. This brand has always performed to my expectations and it was a great price. I use this memory card as additional memory capacity for my Sony digital voice recorder. I am taking 17hrs worth of clinical laboratory courses and this gives me the opportunity to record every lecture for future studying. Great and inexpensive product. Just like it says, came quick and in the easy to open packaging. Get buy for the price and the easy packaging was a plus. This is a very good combo. I use the micro sd card in my Vivo tab Smart. Transfer speeds are good and it's nice to have the SD adapter when i need to transfer this from a regular computer or laptop since they all mostly have SD cards nowadays. I purchased just to expand my samsung S3 memory. At the beginning it works fine then its started to see error when putting new data then my phone read no SD.I try to check using SD reader in my computer and the computer could not even detect the SD card...... all of my songs and data that I collected are GONE>>>>?>>??@#$%^!* . I used this MicroSD card to load onto my BeagleBone Black, so this review is tilted only insofar as it did exactly what I needed from it. My macbook wrote the ISO to the drive quite quickly, and the MicroSD card fit into the slot perfectly, and copied as it needed to the data. Overall, it has performed flawlessly heretofore, and I am quite satisfied with the purchase, especially for the very reasonable price. Matches the description and is exactly what you'd expect. easy to get in and out of the adapter, and no issues moving it between devices I used this sd card to put in my Samsung Galaxy S4 so i can put all of my music on my phone and use it as an mp3 player. The sd card worked great for about three months, had no problems at all. All of the sudden my phone would not read the card anymore. I took it out and tried it on my computer and camera and nothing could read it. I guess the card is fried. Very disappointing that it only lasted three months. I don't care about losing the music because it is still on my computer, but I lost all of my pictures that I took on my phone that saved to the sd card. THis worked very nicely for me. I bought it at the recommendation from my son when I got a new smart phone. This worked great. Great product. I've never had issues with flash memory, and this is no exception. Good fast speeds. Adapter works great. Cant complain. Working well so far, I used it to expand the memory on my Nook HD+. I haven't put much on it but it doesn't have any issues that I can see. Works great loaded a ton of songs. I will buy more in the future as needed. Kingston is a great brand. Easy to use. Comes with adapter to use with cell phone or camera. I use it for my camera and it's served it's purpose. Makes watching your life in real time. Its a perfect match to the whole set. Thank you for matching it an extra No issues to note. The adapter is handy for connecting it to older computers or cameras. Have had no memory or bandwidth issues using this memory. Needed a larger card for an older mobile phone. Good price and eligible for prime delivery. Works fine in my application. Bought this to expand memory of my mobile phone. I was able to transfer data from an older , smaller card with no problem I bought two of these for two of our family cell phones. They work, they are 8GB, so not much more to say... I purchased one of these to use in my Samsung Galaxy 3. It works great. Easy to put in my phone, easy to set up. No complaints here after having it for a few weeks. good product. already have other memory cards and this brand never gave me trouble. It is very practical and has dual functionality. This card did the trick to fill my need for more memory storage. It was used to store additional maps for my GPS. Very good price for an always-reliable memory card. immediately provided backup for the phone. Fits lots and lots of pics now. I must say i did buy them for my Tablet and Camera, it helps to store and it is working well i bought this for my sons Nook it worked great had no idea just how many books would fit on it. A micro SD card should be a micro SC card. This is definitely a micro SD card. Not much else to say. Price was excellent and it came quickly and packaging was simple and effective. I received an MP3 player as a promotional gift but was shocked when I discovered the player had 0 storage capacity. This SD card gave my MP3 player library storage capabilities. I can't tell you how much I have used this product. I have been scanning old family albums and using this has helped me to continue to scan and not have to dumb the memory of my handheld scanner. Thank you so much. Exactly as described and got here super fast! I copied my files from my old 2GB card and the transfer was fast as expected. For 15 years i've been using Kingston products building PC's and they never disappoint. I have numerous SD cards from Microsd to USB adapters and they all still work flawlessly after many years. If you need the quality but don't want to spend the cash....then get on board and get Kingston. Kingston makes Great memory and ssd drives. This card works great for me and i use it in my phone for pictures. Haven't had any problems,works like its supposed to. very good for the money. It is a little slow though in copying files from your computer. I have had slower as well as faster. I would say it is about medium speed when copying I needed a class 4 memory card for my mini spy key chain cam, So I ordered this item (along with others) I had been waiting and checking daily, because the only way to tell what model 808 camera I have is to take a short video. So after a few weeks I sent a message explaining I had not received the item. Amazon offered me a full refund! This has gained them my trust at least for now, still waiting on my DVR Sunglasses... Kingston is the name in memory. This performs as expected. Haven't had a problem with it yet, and don't really expect to. The micro card is great for your cell phone storage or your mp3 player and it inserts into a larger holder (?) to slip into your computer for extra storage. Works like a charm! I bought it for my cell phone. It fits and works well. So I can take pictures in my phone. Purchased this item to go in a Sports Video Camera. So far it works just fine as advertised. Would recommend. I needed a larger capacity SD for my photos, music and videos. I like the ease of use in laptop and in transporting data. Holds a good amount of music, and stores a lot of pictures and video. I would buy again if needed. No additional comments. All Kingston products work well and this new one is running in a Samsung SIII. See you, it did what I wanted it to do in the smart phone, the camera and both the Tom Tom and the Garmin Like every other micro SD card it worked held storage blah blah blah normal function i liked it.. :) I would recommend it but I haven't used the micro SD adapter I didn't need that so all i can say is that the micro SD its self was good The product quality is good. The price was affordable. The time from order placement to arrival was minimal.I was very satisfied. It is a relatively cheap micro card that works fine. I am enjoying using it and did not need anything larger. Works as stated and fast too. That aspect completely surprised me but I wasn't really thinking about it. I'm not sure if there is a difference in different cards but I always have good luck with Kingston card as. Needed this to add memory to a new GPS I recently purchased. Worked just as expected and a the best price around. I am ready for world travelling with this! I don't have to worry about maxing out my memory on my camera! A very good product, exactly what I needed. Very good quality and presentation.I recommend it because it met all my expectarions. Works well with my raspberry pi Z-Wave project. I've been using it for about a month and haven't experienced any problems. i had this in my galaxy note 2 phone for about six months then my phone started crashing all the time and messing up, and freezing when i would open the photo gallery. i couldn't figure it out for a long time, then finally tried taking out the sd card and the crashes stopped. i put the sd card my laptop, and after about 20 seconds, the computer would crash. i tried formatting it, but the computer crashes before it gets a chance to start the process. This memory card holds many things or data and is a wonderful product. I would recommend this to anyone who has a lot of data in their devices. I put this SD card in my phone and all seemed well at first and then after my family and I went out to eat we took our kids to a playground and I was trying to take some video and pictures there when suddenly I noticed that it wasn't saving the pictures and was DELETING a lot of my stuff. Needless to say I lost a lot of my previous pictures and music because of this card and many other things which I spent days upon days trying to get back. I defiantly recommend just spending the full amount for an SD card at a store. It works like any other micro card. I use it in an old android phone to store music on and have not had any problem out of it. I hate returning items back to amazon. The purpose I bought the SDC4/32GB for is to use on my camera (canon-T3I) It doesn't work there and also doesn't work on my portable printer. The printer gave me an era " card doesn't recognize". and on my canon T3I the video doesn't work ether. So needless to say I'm not happy. I have always had good results using Kingston flash memory. I have never had a failure and I have used quite a few of their products over the years. I highly recommend Kingston Flash memory. I bought this hoping it will work with the mini metal clip MP3 player but unfortunately, the two don't like each other. It's a good storage device but without the player I don't have much use for it. The Flash card worked very well in an Emerson Action Cam. It was used in a helmet cam and performed well The item was perfect, it fit perfectly from the outset. I received the item with in the stated parameter's in the ad. What can I say, it is and does exactly what is supposed to do. Tested the card and it reads and writes the expected amount of data successfully as well as performing to the class rating. No problems using it with my GoPro HeroHD. Good value for the money as well. It was a great fit for my tablet. Very affordable, looking forward to buying more for our other devices. A++++ Great price, great product. Fits my Garmin Nuvi GPS perfectly. They chose not to put enough internal memory in them, but they give you a microSD card slot for expansion. This one works great. Exactly what I was looking for. Only had it a week and it's already getting tons and tons of use. Well it is 16 GB, and it has not failed yet. I bought it to use in a Sansa Clip 4 gb MP3 player. It works as it should. My only complaint this far is , Amazon is pretty slow to get products to my door. It took like 7 days to go less then 200 miles from there shipping center. Nothing wrong with it, and I loved that it included the adapter. Kingston makes quality stuff in my own experience. Works great in Nieces tablets. Price is right so you can buy more for the price of one elsewhere. thanks Works great in Nieces tablets. Price is right so you can buy more for the price of one elsewhere. thanks When I got it, it only had about 14 gb but other then that it works like a normal SD card used it for a Garmin Nuvi GPS. Satisfactory on all accounts! Or you can use it for a digital camera with the adapter. very reliable and useful product. For all purpose use, and a great Price for most. For me a Treasure, because it was the Only One that worked with the Tascam DR-07MKII Linear PCM Digital Recorder. Thanks Amazon! The product works great, it is such a great product. I bought this as a birthday gift for my little sister along with a mp3 player so that she can enjoy her own music instead of borrowing mine My older sister had it and I was so jealous and in need of more space I bought one and I use it in my phone, and it's perfect! The microSD is really small so make sure you don't lose it if and when you take it out of the device. Came right on time and fit perfectly into my Samsung phone. Really happy with the delivery and the yase usability of the device. It does as it says. If you need a tiny card and the bigger adapter this is the one for you. Kingston quality at a great price. Used for HD micro video camera mounted in motorhome for recording roadtrips. So far it has performed flawlessly. It does exactly what its intended to do . No More No Less Great price for the size. BUY IT A++ fast shipper, as advertised.works as it should. the adapter is a little more flimsy than my other micro's adapter. kinda a loose fit when using adapter. it works though. It did what it was suppose to do without problems and micro fits perfect in my product. Kingston has always been a name you can trust. I'm a self confessed geek and Kingston is my favorite memory brand. The micro chips with adapter are the best buys because you can use them in a wide variety of devices. I also have a memory stick adapter to use the micro part on computers without chip slots The SDHC Flash Card arrived exactly as promised. I use it to upload pictures from my Samsung phone to my computer. It works just as advertised and can also be used in other devices such as my husband's tablet to store and transfer data. Very good product. I got this to increase my Roku 3 streaming device. The memory was good for the price, I may not need as much as I bought but for the price I got the 8 for what I would have paid for 4. This allows more space for apps without using all my device's internal memory. was prime and delivered thus, speedy as always. Works good be carefull not to loose it very small but works very good, I would recommend it. Thank you. the item works very well. I have installed it in the phone to be able to keep more photos on phone I received this product sooner than expected. It works fr my Samsung SideKick 4G. Bought one for my fiances phone too. It works for him too! Good!! excellent items, its perfect and work excellent this is best good and I think buy more again thank you!!! I am very happy with the number of songs I can put on this as well as the number of photos. Insert the MicroSD card into the card reader and it works. Can't ask for much more. Don't know how long it'll last but it's working. great for all the music i wanna listed to!! im glad i went ahead and bought this product!! thanx amazon! these things come at a great price compared to what retail stores offer. A great buy at 5 stars. it was packaged greatly and worked right out of the box. This is the second one I've ordered ! If you have an expansion port for memory,this is affordable way to store extra pictures and videos.The 16 GB is exactly half of this price, so you can still do a lot for very little money.Plus it comes with the adapter so you may place it in your PC etc. this worked great.......... bought 2 ....... I loaded one MP3 player with blank and transferred from another....had to do this because of it's size/ Have no complaints about this product! It is a SD card and adapter and does what it was made for. It works well. Unfortunately it did not solve my problem, but that is not the card's fault. The card was for my phone but I will use it for my camera instead. Suspiciously slow read and write speeds (about 2.6 MB/sec.), but the packaging and everything appeared legit. It's capacity is about 14.6 GB, I don't know if that's standard for a 16 GB card. Still, it works, and I have no proof it isn't genuine, and that's a lot of capacity for eleven bucks. I'll keep it but I'm not thrilled with it. Seller was Amazon, so don't think the one I got was a counterfeit. Got the card for my Galaxy S4, and after 4 months it stopped working and I lost all my pictures. I do not recommend this product. Arrived on time and works great. Used it as external storage for my garmin (maps would not update without additional storage). Installed it in the garmin, updated the maps, and now we are all good. As some of you might know, the GSIII has been known to devour SD cards. I haven't had any issues with this brand like I did with SanDisk. Bought 2, one for my wife Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 and one for my Huawei P6 rooted to make a partition to the memory card and give some more space to my phone internal memory and is working just perfect. I needed this for extra storage on my Garmin GPS for newly downloaded maps. This worked well without any issues! I mean it's a great product, I love the adapter piece it comes shipped with so I can load my files on to it! This product was priced extremely reasobable. I have been using it ever since I got. I have alot of memory. Probably more than I'll ever use. I bought this for my new Nook tablet as a trial. It does all i want syncs fine with my device. it cost less than other brands and by my non-techie standards works just as well This charger set has become very handy as my new phone needs to be charged so often.I might order another set just in case. Thank you, Perfect. It isn't my first micro SD Card and all it was perfect. The price it was ok. Not too much. Thanks So, this product both works and got shipped to me early. Which is a big bonus. Worth the buy for anyone in need. Although I have a smart phone, I don't utilize it the way most people do. I do have my email on it and some photos and a few apps. This card was a great price and is all I need. I purchased this flash memory and began to use it immediately. It worked perfect. I will continue to purchase the same memory as I need it. Low end cost.. Very good bargain for an 8 gig.. Hasn't failed yet. Kingston is a top liner as amazon is a great shopping experience. I was upset when I went to walmart and found that I could have purchased for nearly $7 dollars cheaper but it works nobetter or worse then any other card does I use this in my phone. I store pictures on it. It is more than big enough for my uses. I like how there is an adapter so that I can plug it into my pc if I need to. The pictures write onto it very quickly and it does not give me any problems at all. Kingston is a very solid brand. You cannot go wrong with any of their products. This works great. I use the micro SD for my Coby tablet. I have saved pictures, songs, and word documents on it. I have never had a problem with it. This is SDHC 16 GB storage device and it does what it should do. It has expanded the storage of the device it was purchased for and seems to work as expected. The micro sim card I have failed. It failed two weeks ago. How do these cards fail.?? I took my phone into At&T and they trouble shooted my phone. I lost over 600 pictures due to this failure. The support tech said she never saw one fail. Buyer be Ware. The adapter works flawlessly as well as the micro SD. I bought this to use with my cheap dash cam that only takes micro and I haven't had any issues yet with the adapter in my laptop. Well, just the thing I need and want. The package is good and the product is well protected. Anyone buy it will know it. I purchased 2 of these cards, one for each of the two new phones my wife and I bought. After about 2 months the card died in my phone, taking all of my pictures and videos with it. Today the card in my wife's phone died, doing the same. I bought a replacement "lower quality" card at Walgreens of all places and it has functioned flawlessly in my phone for the past 3 months. looks like this microsd had a virus, as soon as I put it in my phone, than it started jamming.... A family was having trouble with there battery. So I decided to buy them a battery as a gift and they said that it works great. It is exactly what I needed and it was very reasonably priced compared to in store prices. It seems to be working just fine so far. I need this for my sons cell phone, it fits the HTC perfectly. He can now take pictures. I would def buy again from seller! It is JUST what I wanted for a real good price. I would buy again if in the market. Great. The 16GB version worked okay (though a bit slow) in my cell phone. But it died after 11 months - neither the phone nor my desktop computer now recognizes it. Good drive, no problems to date and it's laoded to the max. Probabaly will buy another. Woek great in my camera and phone. so far this is working well for me. the only complaint is I wish it had come with a little case for the adaptor when its not being used. I have used Kingston brand many times. Always worked. I use this in my LG Cell Phone and has worked for over 1.6 years so far without having any trouble. My cell gets heavy usage and I do work outside (construction) so it does handle the heat / weather fine. Does what it is supposed to do. Not a super fast card, but performs at tolerable speeds. Really a great card I always buy this brand beacause it's very reliable. the system allows you to change your info from one device to another. came on time and now can store more music in my phone yay and at a great price that was nice. The advantage of this micro card is that since it comes with a regular SD adapter, it can be used for regular items like cameras or laptops. I am happy with this card, and it was a good value, too. Well, can't say much about a Flash Card... it doesn't exactly look good on my coffee table, BUT I needed it to transfer files from my old defective Samsung S3 to my new S3 and so I purchased this product, which I am very satisfied with. I strongly suggest you get a flash card for your smartphone NOW before you regret losing important info you could have saved but didn't want to bother with it! I chose this item for the sale purchase and it name for guarantee this manufacture offers. Like the idea of secure pictures and other important stuff. It is a fast and reliable. Work in all weather conditions from -2C up to 40C grade. It was a good pick. I bought this memory card to expand the storage of my new phone, and it corresponds my needs! I recommend it! Everyone knows and uses Kingston products so it's pretty self explanatory. But this is sold at a great price unlike the ones in the store. Definitely recommend this to everyone! The shipping service was excellent! Arrived just in time to use for my sister's play. It is a Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter> Works well in the Galaxy Tab 7. Needed a new micro sd card for my phone when mine got fried. This was an amazing deal for the card size and it works like a charm Came brand new in the package. Exactly what I expected. Actually I was expecting a used one, but it came brand new so better than what I expected. It worked right out of the box. No hassles, I just plugged it in and the phone found it. I moved all my pics from internal storage and onto the microSD card. Easy to use in my Samsung Galaxy S4. Other than that it is just like it said in sellers description. had the card for one year and it crapped out, started causing my phone and computer to freeze when inserted. I now need to buy another card-won't ever buy Kingston again!! No complaints, it does what it is supposed to do. I have been using this in my phone for years without issue. Very nice SD Card, makes me happy, fills my soul with joy. May end world hunger. THANKS fellow humans. Pootis Forever I haven't used the flash memory card yet, but the microSD card works great! The packaging is secure and very well done, the product was received on time, oh and the price was great! No complaints! More and more memory available at less and less cost. This is a quality card that (with the adapter) can be used in regular and mini drive applications. This 8GB card is what I used in 3 of my Garmin GPS units. Works great to keep the complete North America maps and has enough room to put other features. It worked fine for about 3 months, then it stopped after a couple of failures. Won't be getting one of these again, that's for sure. I have bought a few dozens for my family and friends to be used in camera, mini MP3 players and android tablets in the past. So far they are flawless. A great buy compared to other brands. I will buy again. Bought this to have extra storage in my new tablet. Love that it comes with an adapter to read on my laptop. I can plug the files I want straight onto the card without dealing with a wired transfer to my tablet. Now my LG500GHL has just what it needs so that I can stay on top of the bingo circuit in my town. AMAZON this item kingston 16 gb 4 microsdhc flash card with sd adapter sdc4/16gb was used in takeing pictures of the famliy dog and cat .thanks for having this on your wedsight. A lot of good review on this item; and some bad ones. the bad ones almost made me not buy it. but, as it is a reliable brand and all the good reviews, I decided to give it a chance. It working fine. no issues and a great deal. Thank you amazon. Well put together, clean and sturdy! This product is worth the money you pay for it hands down and on top of that it was early. I bought this card for my phone and have been very happy with it so far, it works great and loads super fast, shipping was very fast for it as well Works ok I always buy kingston sd card and had good results,it's cheapest than buying in any store.the next time will get it from here too Bought this to go with our new Roku 3. It works well. What more can I say. No complaints whatsoever. This micro SD card doors everything I hoped it would be. My girlfriend loves being able to have music on her phone. I told her I wanted her to join me in the 21st century. I love this product very much. Always buy from you when I can. It more for the money thank you. What can you say. this is a good name brand Micro SD card at a good price. Works as expected with no problem! OK. It's the size of card I wanted and it works. The price was very good and it arrived very promply. it's so useful, actually you can plug it on your mobile devise and also you can read it on your computer with using the SD adapter. add to that no freeze could be happen when move the files. but there is only one thing. the free space is round 15 GB only not 16 as they mentioned out side the package. but about me this doesn't matter. just go for it if you need more space on your device Works just fine. Added to Roku 3 to store personal settings. Would not suggest using on any high speed devices like cameras. It is ok started using it so far so good , I purchase to use with my Samsung tab 3 Low cost memory that works as it should. I used it in a security camera that is a few years old and it works perfectly. Can an SD card review really compare SD cards? I mean it either works or it doesn't. Right? Anyway, this one works. it is in awsome condision and it works great keep up the good work with good quailty thancks see you Works perfectly in my smartphone and was a great price!! I was so happy I bought another one!! Go Amazon!! I expect nothing less from Kingston brand. Needed more space on my phone and this is perfect for my Galaxy S3. Not a lot to say: Its an SD card. It worked just fine in my ASUS Transformer. I loaded it up with songs, and plugged it in, and it works perfectly. I suppose it could be faster, but it was fast enough, and the price is right. Bought this flash card for use in my Samsung Galazy S4. It works great, and its nice to have the adapter to use in order to quickly back up my data to my computer. I also can use this flash card in my camera by using the adapter. I loaded this in my new Garmin and it is working perfectly. This is the first time I have had a GPS unit an SD card and as for now it is working well. Bought this for my Nook HD because I'd heard that Kingston works best. Amazon free delivery was slow but the packaging was good. It was recognized by my Nook and I will assume that it will work just fine. If I dislike it in the future I will update. The Kingston is a well-known brand name. And the deal I got was great. I'm using it without any problems and will buy Kingston again. Not much to say other than it works as a memory card should. Shipping was fast and the card worked immediately. This product works exactly as it should. The adapter works flawlessly on my computer, and the microSD card works perfectly in all of my devices! What can I say--I got the device, plugged it in and found that it worked. It's still working and will hopefully continue to do so for at least a few years. Just what I needed for my phone so that I can take lots of pictures. Would recommend to anyone needing a flash card. Good product im using it with my dsi. i really works very well. Good choice i suggest it to everyone Not much to say other than it works as intended and I have no complaints. I've only used the micro SD and have yet to use the adapter. good product just as the dealer said it would b i am going and order a few more to use on my phone and tab I order this product came on time. It was worth my money, used it mostly for school.. love it, use it I have had no problems with this flash card and would buy another one if needed. I have other Kingston products along with other brands. I like them all. I probably don't have to write a review of this product. These chips are work well, are cheap, and about as efficient a way to store photos or data as you can get. Write Speed are lacking the SDC4 rating but read speeds are great. But the flash drive had all the memory I expect it to have a little more than 29gb no problems at all. you get what you pay for with this item. Met my expectations but did not excede them It's a memory card what can I say. It works great in the Garmin Novi. No issues with format or downloads. I put this in my new Samsung S4 just in case I go app crazy again, or turn it into a media player. I like that it comes with the adapter since many things have standard SD plugins, but not micro. I bought this to punt in my cell phone. It is a replacement from the last one that was stolen. Great product. Not much to review about it. Worked great out of the package, been using it pretty steadily for the last couple of weeks and no issues at all. Fast to transfer the date and easy to install. This is a good brand to be used. fit my new smart watch I just purchased a new phone that was short on memory. I knew that I could get an expansion chip instead of going with the more expensive model phone. I bought 2 of these chips one for myself and one for my wife. She uses it for her phone. I have used it in my phone and in my video camera to film my son's baseball swing. I have no complaints with this product. I ordered this card for my phone and it works great. I am able to interchange it between my phone and my tablet. Works great. This 8s a great products and it was s gift for my daughter. It works well and its as drcsribed by the Seller I like that this card comes with the adapter, which is extremely helpful. It saves and opens fast, which is all I need. I use this SD card with my Galaxy Tab 2, and it does everything that I expected. I can store photos and music on my tablet without using the tablet's memory. Kingston is a name I trust. The adapter is number one with me. The speed and transfer rate is fast. Basic micro sd card, I used this one in my wife's tablet to store some videos for the kids on a long drive. Everything worked as it should. Works great in my Sony Xperia phone. There is no need to spend any more on a pricier brand . It's an SD card, not sure what I can review. The price was good which is why I purchased it...and it works well. Not much more to review. I would recommend. Card works good but the adapter can't be used with anything because nothing will read it. Would recommend if using for just the card. Durable, dependable, fast. Sometimes it cost a little more but always worth it in the end. Great deal with adapter. I got this for my sister. delivery was quick and I would definitely by from them again. Sd card is easy to use and install. Put this inexpensive memory card into your tablet and it will function much faster I was able to download lots of fun and intresting apps so I have no need to buy a new tablet.Thanks.It arrived to rural Maine in 2 1/2 days. I bought this to use with a MP3 player that too a micro card. I could not put music directly on this card with my player and needed to buy an inexpensive reader to put music on it. Seems to be working fine but MP3 player controls don't work on the card so you need to select a tune or album and play it through and then select another. Still, nice way to increase music storage on an MP3 I bought this flash drive to install into my Garmin, This new flash drive was delivered to my house very quickly. This flash drive works as well as I expected it to. Great price for the size and it works great so far. I got it because my wife's phone kept running out of memory and the pictures swapped over perfect and free up her phone's memory. Will update it has problems, but seems to be a quality product. This microSDHC works great in my tablet, which doesn't support the faster UHS spec. I doubt I'd notice any real-world difference with a faster card in that application anyway. Holds all my music. The included full-size SDHC adapter is a nice feature in case I want to use it in my camera. I ordered an 8 GB card for my phone and then I found this one and ordered it for my wife. This card was not much more and has twice the memory. This met all of my expectations and fast shipping. I ordered a 16 GB card for my wife after receiving this one for my phone. Wasn't much more that the price of this one. I only wish I would have ordered the 16 GB one for my phone. Micro SD card seems OK but the adapter is cheap, PC did not recognize the card, I used another adapter and card worked fine with that. I recomend this item. Is good and works great... Just perfect for my tablet and cellphone. ;-) Was a good purchace. This is just what I needed for extra memory, fits perfect on my phone works well, it is very economical and fits with in my budget superb Kingstone product. Bought this to expand the space in my new smartphone and it works great. Simple drag and drop interface and because it's Kingston, I trust it. As often as possible I only use Kingston Memory. Great value, Great product. Like it very much Good product The best quality You can use at any terminal. Good experience of delivered Buy it now Adidas experience Great Price and works great.. Easy to install and now my phone has plenty of memory. Thanks would def.buy again. Excellent SD Card. Right on time and high quality service, totally recommended I don't have more words to describe my satisfaction I tried to mount this memory card in two difference cell phones, the droid incredible and the samsung galaxy s 3. Neither phone would recognize the memory card. It's very disappointing. It seems to be working fine in my Motorola Droid Razr HD. So far so good. I hope it lasts as long as the phone does. Only time will tell. this sd card was delivery fast as usual with everything I buy with amazon prime. it is very nice and easy to use. I bought it for my portable scanner and it works perfectly. Works just like it's supposed to. Had no problems loading maps into it and using them in my gps. Very useful. Bought item and it was at my doorstep at the date it was promised. Awesome product, works great, no issues. I just wanted a low cost MicroSD card for my cell phone. This did the trick. If i were getting one for a new smartphone though I probably would look for one that accesses the data quicker (Class 10 or higher). But if you are in need of a brand name card that works fine just to store some data you can't go wrong with this. With this memory card I can shoot more video than my batteries can handle. Just plug it into the camera and start recording videos. Now my phone acts like camcorder, camera and mp3 player. No more deleting photos and videos to save space for extra media files. it works was cheap arrived fast does what i needed would recommend if you need one i used it for music I got this for a great price and use it for my wife's Droid 2. ~7 GB after formatting and it works wonderfully! It transfers around USB 1.0 speeds. Taking pictures and everything else done with it on that phone has no issues. If you can get it for a good price, I suggest it. needed the extra space to put movies on while using my tablet which only had 16 gigs now i have more than enough Do not buy this product. It went bad after only 3 months of using. I put it into my S4 and I keep getting a "SD card unexpectedly removed" error. STAY AWAY!!! very good product. have had good luck with kingston products. would recommend and purchase again. micro SDHC with the adapter is versitile. The product is above my expectations. I don't have to wait that long and I was able to use it on time for my Auto Driving Body Car Camera. it is very suit for my cellphone with an attractive price. it's lower than any walmarts, publixs or other supermarket. It was cheaper than buying it in stores and it works wonderfully. It even comes with an adapter for plugging it into bigger devices. I love these things. I use mine to backup pictures and files that I don't want to lose which is pretty handy. It is as good as can be expected and I got it at a good rate compared to in store works, I am using it on my tablet andoid PD20, and works perfect. the adapter is nice for read on my laptop This microSDHC works well in my Tracfone. I think it has plenty of storage for my needs and was a very good price. Buying this card was easy from Amazon and I have come to like Kingston storage products the best of the other brands Appears to be an 8GB MicroSD card with adapter. Have yet to test the card, but I really liked the "hassle-free" packaging. bought this card to replace the one in my phone, have had no problems and is fast to record on. I was looking for items to get my Blackberry up and running again and this fit the bill. Like it! A class 4 microSDHC was recommended for my tablet. I installed it and it worked immediately and seems to be everything required by the Zeki. I have not tried the SD adapter yet. this thing "died" 3 days later, would not hold data nor does my droid incredible detect it..never really liked Kingston so given the minor loss, will not buy their brand again... lots of space for what I needed, very easy and convenient to use. Am ordering going to order a next one soon! What can you say about a dumb little sd card? Nothing at all. Good price. Only reason I got it was the price. It did what I needed it to do and at such a nice price!! I'd buy again if I needed it for another device. came in a timely manner, what can I say it is a large micro SD card and it worked. Got it for the Sansa Clip. It's Kingston, a trusted brand I use for years now. Bought it for my wife's phone to slap in some tunes, her 4GB isn't cutting it. Comes with a handy adapter for standard SD readers. Most of these little devices aren't that much different this one was offered at a good price. I would buy again It does exactly what it promises to do. The small part fits in the camera, and reliably records movies and pictures. It also fits snug in the large part, reliably delivering recorded information to the computer. It does all that at a good speed. That's what I bought it for, that's what's delivered. I'm happy with it. Does exactly what I require. Easy to add data. plays back effortlessly! Ideal for music and photos. Convenient to store. I purchased this a year ago for a Samsung smartphone and worked perfectly until recently. Neither my phone nor computer will recognize the device but both items can recognize the sd card that came with the phone. I originally wrote a scathing review of this item thinking it arrived broken. After learning what the real problem was (me), I repaired it and it functions as described. So once you get passed the operator error this is a great item that works as described at a great price. Sorry for the original review! Great! Good results, I can still use it on other cameras resolution is great and lots of room. Will recommend this GB for any other uses. Using the 32GB in my Samsung Galaxy S2 phone and it has PLENTY of space for pictures and video! Highly recommend the 32GB now that prices have dropped. Kingston Digital 32 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card SDC4/32GB works like it is supposed to. I recommend this product for purchase. I needed to upgrade from 16 gb to 32 gb for my Pioneer AVH-3200BT head unit in my car for the SD card slot. So far I got more room for more albums now. I originally meant to buy the 32 Gig card, but ended getting this one by mistake. It works great. I am using the card in a Linksys Security Cam and I have had no issues, I've had it for a few months now and the card is constantly being rewritten as the cam continues to record. It came with the adapter and I use it now to replace my dust cover on my laptop and as an easy to use adapter bought this for a friend and it works well with the s3 mini...do not hesitate to order for phone expansion Update: I contacted Kingston regarding the issues below. They immediately opened a case number, asked me to email a copy of my Amazon receipt showing Amazon was the seller & then mail them back the card and adapter. It cost approx $3 to mail from Northern Ca to Southern Ca (incl 55cents for a bubble envelope). The entire process from return to receiving replacement took about 3wks and was detailed online. They never mentioned anything about needing to verify authenticity of the card as it was an Amazon purchase (NOT a "fulfilled by Amazon" and sold by someone else) and Amazon is one of their retailers. The people at Kingston were really nice & the warranty is lifetime for the original owner so I added 1-star, but the fact this thing died in a year still means I wouldn't recommend it to a friend. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Update: I originally gave this a 4-star but after 1yr in my Samsung S4 for only camera photos & music (any internet downloads or screenshots stayed separated on the phone's hard drive bc I'm leary of viruses) this card started freezing when trying to open photos, program started crashing when trying to load photos from the card, and one day it started saying "card not detected." I'd take out, and reload and it worked for a little while then after a week. NOTHING. Screen flashed "no SD card detected." Tried loading it in my computer to reformat but it doesn't detect the card either. It died after 1yr, 70photos, and 20songs. I think it actually died on its "birthday." *smh* At least I had the common sense to back up my card and it happened before the 3 weddings and a vacation I have this summer. =/ This was a 32g ordered direct from Amazon. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Arrived quickly & in the same packaging you'd get in the stores but at a much lower price. I didnt call kingston to verify its authenticity, but I didn't feel I needed to. Both my samsung gs4 & my macbook pro recognized the unit immediately and the 32g (approx 29 useable) made me hate the s4 less..man I miss my iphone. Anyway, there isn't much else to say about it, its an sd, ive never "loved" an sd, maybe this review will change after ive had it a yr or two if nothing goes wrong. I bought direct from Amazon and had it about 3 months. Nice little card that works nicely. I have had some problems with Kingston products in the past, but this card is holding up! :) It's an SD card with about 8GB on it. Works just fine. Adapter works just like it should as well. Highly recommended. Downloaded music and pics to her card to put in her phone and she loves it!!!! With the 16 gb I was able to download so much music that she uses at the gymn instead of her mp3 player. This SD card failed after only two months of use in my phone. Only had about 2 or 3 Gb of photos on it. This was shipped and sold by Amazon, not a third party retailer, but because it's past the 30-day return policy, I can't get my money back. Unacceptable. After reading almost 800 5-star reviews and only 80 1-star reviews, I thought I could trust this product. Guess I was wrong. Works like a charm, came very fast. I would recommend this. The Price was perfect!! so I purchase two (2) for each of my Zeepad. haven't used so just okay, got to use with mini speakers but couldn't get to work but I will find a use for it. I upgraded from 8Gb to 16 and it was great I have so much space now and it was a great price...practically a steal!! It is not going to be blazing fast but for around 12 bucks it vcant get better than this micro SD. Much cheaper than in a store and it was adequately packaged. No problems with using it on my computer. Pretty hard to mess up an SD card... lol I got this just for a clip mp3 player, cheap chinese brand, so the whole thing cost me $16 with delivery. the player is not great but works. The last 3 players 1 I lost, 2 was old and paid $200 for a gift for family and never used for a 1gb won't charge anymore, and 3rd 4gb player was fine but the plug in for headphone got lose and the channels drop out, can't get a stable signal, the memory is fine and can me easliy used for SD storage with included adapter. Just stick it in and what a tremedous amout of space! Only problem, when I went to take it out- sprung out and yet to be found- dinky dinky little thing. but still amazed at how much I could put on it. I bought this class 4 micro memory card to use in my Roku streaming player and it works great. The 8 GB is just right for what I needed. Be sure to buy yours from Amazon.com (the seller of course) and you'll be fine. I've added a lot of music to my phone with this card and it works fine...not much else to say. I had ordered two 8GB Memory Cards for my combination Security/Monitor Lights. I had them less than two months, when one of them failed. I shipped it back and it was immediately replaced with a new one, then that failed and I returned it for a refund. Now the second one has failed, but I am not going to return it because it is not worth the gas (I live 25 miles from town) to ship it back and get a refund, besides Amazon charges $1.35 for a "restocking fee" even though all three cards were defective. Whoa! My husband got this for our phone because his android only has a 4GB, while the iPod I use has 36GB. He was a lil mad to find out that the title of this product says 16GB, and it only turned out to be 14GB. You can't complain though, because it is a good price for even 14GB. My Galaxy S4 comes with only 16 GB of memory installed on the phone, so this thing liberates it from that limitation. I use this for all of my music and lots of video and I still have plenty of memory left over. It's seriously excellent. The transfer rate is great and the adapter that it comes with is so nice, it fits right into my laptop or printer. I bought this MicroSD Card 5 months ago and it has corrupted my phone and now will not work. I cannot even reformat it to try to use it again. I am a fan of SanDisk but opted for the Kingston this time because it was a few bucks cheaper. I will not be going the cheap route again but rather sticking to what I know and trust. Received right away and just as described, perfect for a new phone my son just got, he already has started downloading everything The product glitches when reading data over 2-3 GB and has a slower transfer rate than class 4 which it is supposed to beat. This does what i need it to do. I can use the adapter with other flashcards of this size. and it was such a steal at the price. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR, BEWARE! Seriously, I lost a ton of files from my phone. Not worth it. it works perfectly with devices and not to mention it has an adapter just in case. Ideal for smartphones and tablets which has a micro usb expandable storage slot. I got this in April 2013 and it was working fine, however after only 3 months it stopped working. My phone and computer weren't detecting the SD card and i lost a decent amount of pictures. I use the SD card in my phone and it works. The adapter does what it was designed to do. Calm your doubts, get one! Got very fast service, a great price, definitely not disappointed. Will purchase again as I never seem to have enough of these little guys! I have not used it yet. It will be very useful because give me the added storage space that I need Bought this SD card instantly with the purchase of my new BlackBerry Z!0. Can't complain. Works well and does what it's supposed to do. 5/5. Holds a bunch of books, more than I'll ever read. Perfect for my nook, flawless performance and trouble free, highly recommend. For the price, it's a decent amount of memory, though I myself am looking to upgrade to a pair of 16's or even 32's. But this is a decent item. Just as seen in the picture. The micro came is and is exactly as seen in the picture, factory sealed in it's original packaging, worth the price. I am very happy with the product I need it, really works very good like saw on tv thank you I got this card to have some extra room on my phone. It works great and is a great deal for the price. This a waste of time if it was not what I wanted I would not have bought it, no need for all this verbage. Works great and has a great price! It got here fast and my sister is using it cor her tablet and has not had any problems with it! Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter SDC4/16GB Kingston Digital, Inc.5.0 out of 5 stars Simply the best!, It works!!! It works as said and arrived quickly. I would buy another any day!!! This works in my camera takes lots photos. Just what I expected, works exactly how it should. Good buy for the price, quick shipping, good memory, fit perfectly in device i purchased this flash card for my garmin nuvi. works flawlessly and the reduced packaging was a plus. no more guilt about stuffing land fills with plastics or keeping the packaging in hopes of fashioning the its and bits in to a christmas ornament. This microSD works as expected, actual formatted capacity is approximately 7.2GB. Would recommend for someone who needs some extra space on their phone, tablet, or camera. good item good price just what I needed for the purpose device amazon filled my needs with this single purchase Meets/exceeds the purpose for which it was purchased, ie. the Vupoint Magic Wand Jr. Card "read speed" is good and price is right. Joe Youngblood The memory that kingston has put out is great, issue is the adapter for the memory is very fragile and quality of the material due to a lighter plastic, this can break easily after so many uses. Added memory to my daughters phone. She couldn't download music or games until I added this card! It arrived within 2 days thanks to prime and has just enough space to add what she needed plus more. Thank you very much ... till next time again. Delivery is fast and in good condition. I wish to buy more item in the future. Thanks again. and good luck. Kingston memory products are always reliable. The memory card is working without any problems in my Galaxy smartphone, it also works with the included adapter without problems. I won't hesitate to recommend Kingston also for thumb drives and RAM memory as well A great buy and it worked great until I lost my phone. The card was perfect for storing music and photos. And it came a a nice price = a greats value. A Kingston, has 32GB but peformance is poor, a C4 is not good enough. A C10 will have better results. Perfect for what I needed it !! My Garmin GPS needed more memory for current maps and this worked perfectly (only really needed 4 Gbytes but what the heck!! Ordered three of these, but I can't read one on any of my computers. I think it's defective, but it probably isn't worth the cost of sending it back to Amazon for replacement. Oh well. The other two work just fine. got credit for a bad card. wrote five star feedback for the seller, but then received this in my email: " ------------- Begin message ------------- Hello, I'm very please that you've appreciated my service on your feedback. However I did the remark that my rate of orders has considerably decrease. I'm not sure the reason why but it would be probably because of the DEFECTIVE ITEM and REFUND you had mentioned on your comments. As you may know the purpose of any customer is to get merchandise working fine. Therefore all they search on feedback before making a purchase decision is to see if there is not any defective problem with a previous customer. Thank in advance for your understanding, you'll do me a big favor by removing this feedback or change it. Best regards! ------------- End message ------------- " Put one of these in my Samsung SIII and out of the blue it tells me that the SD card is damaged. Can not retrieve anything from it at all. Hadn't taken it out, was no where near full, and nothing out of the ordinary had happened to my phone. I have never had a problem with any SD or MicroSD card and thought that Kingston was a good brand. Will think twice (or maybe more) before purchasing anything else made by them. I lots a lot of pictures that had been saved to that card including irreplaceable videos. I do NOT recommend at all!!!! Works great!!! I used one for my camera and the other for my plug in adapter..I would recommend this product to all. This device could be OK for backing up (infrequently). The description is confusing, mentioning class 4 & class 10 in the same sentence. So, it is a class 4 device, and if you try to save files to it you'll be starring at a sand clock (busy anim. pointer) quite a lot ! These met my requirements for replacements and spare SDs for my cameras, camcorders and Lenovo IdeaTab. Good quality and great value. The adapter read only, could not write or delete the files. The price was cheat, so it worked just OK. works wonderfully! it holds all my music and formatted right to my phone. i recommend this product to everyone! Thanks! Love my SD card. I waited far too long to order one. Glad that I did. Arrived quickly. Would reccomend to everyone. how can you go wrong getting this much storage for so little money,and comes with a sd adapter to go along with it. I use one for my camera and one for my phone or tablet so far so good would buy more. What an awesome deal! $10 for a 16 GB Micro SDHC card with an adapter? Shut the Front Door! Word! This product perform to specification as stated, Connected right away and was ready for use right out of the package. All aspects of this device is performing according to parameters Delivery was fast and works great on my android phone Not much to say here. Got this to be a multi-purpose flash card. It was really fast when I first started using it (60 - 80 MB / s or so, I think, but that's just a ballpark based on a few operations). As a side-note: I use Ubuntu Linux 13.04 and I tried out Ext4 and encryption on this using the GNOME Disks utility (mainly to test it out before encrypting my larger external drive). It slowed down considerably when using Nautilus to copy/update files. rsync through the terminal still gave decent write speeds, though. Works great! I recently used this flash on my family vacation. Even though I took over 300 photos and quite a few videos, there was still more room. Very happy with this product. This is a true upgrade to my Garmin GPS! I was beginning to think I'd have to buy a new model because I ran out of room and couldn't download any more updates. This 8GB really makes a difference, and so cheap! Great capacity and easy to use and I had no running problems. For the price to pay I recomend this brand. I trust this brand and always will. This brand is one of the most reliable brands out there. I would recommend this card to anyone. don't know whether i got a lemon, but the transfer rate is very low, much slower than advertised. but it doesn't bother me that much, i don't do lots of file tranfering. and when i do, i just let it work in the background. The micro sd works perfect and until now i doesnt have any problem, I recommended it! Price was by the time excellent Bought this for a friend's samsung phone and it works perfectly. Data transferred to it quickly, no issues at all. Been in use for 2+ months so far. As advertised. Just remember to keep the card "unlocked" (slider on right side of Adapter) or you wont be able to save anything. Good price and it works fine. Installed in Galaxy S4 phone. No problems after month of use. Used for storing camera pics and videos and speed is adequate. Received Memory card on time, excellent condition. Worked well in camera and small scanner. Need micro SD card for new scanner and also tried in camera. both work fine looks okay, now to figure out how to use it!!!! got it to use with my new tablet, and haven't gotten into it much yet so I'll see how it works when I get to that point what i needed for my phone i thinking of getting a bigger one and will be alot worth it 4Gs is a good amount Simple, find the part you require, order, in a few days it's in your mailbox. Part was new, in-the-box, and works. Life is good. Can't open micro SD in my cellphone and computer. I am using samsung galaxy s3. The micro SD is always inserted in my phone but I haven't use it that much. It is just last month that I tried using my micro sd by saving all the pictures and videos that I took from my phone. In the first or Second week, it is working fine. All files were saved in the micro sd but when I'm trying to open the files in my galeries, my cp hang. It cannot read the file. So I formatted the micro SD. It worked fine again for a couple of days and then 1 day, my cellphone hang. I remove the micro SD and check the micro SD in my computer but it can't read it anymore. I don't know how come it has this too many good reviews. When you check the customer comments, most are below 3 stars. I wonder how did they get this fake reviews. Purchaced a few of these for 808 video cameras. I have no issues recording video to these. They're pretty fast, can't go wrong with Kingston. We added this memory card to my teen's Samsung smart phone to make room to store more music and other content. Works just fine. Received it on time, brand new, no problems at all. I'm using it with my Ace 2 phone and so far so good. perfect what can I say about Kingston , we know its one of the best brand name im happy great for the money too Hard to say anything bad about this memory stick. I use it in an old school cell phone and it has more memory than I will ever need. This card arrived within a reasonable time and works as it should. I like that it comes with an SD adapter so I can use the card in my computer as well. This is exactly what you would expect and works fine. If you need a low cost, small SD card... buy it. large enough and works just fine. I was able to format it and just insert it into my phone. It works. This card was great, especially for the price. I love the fact that I can use it for multiple devices that require different sized cards can't really beat this price for what you get. I love Kingston's products. I order their flash drives and SD cards anytime i need one. We have several that we use at my work as well, they always seem to work flawlessly. My digital camera is picky about SD cards, but I have no problem with this brand. Works great with my following devices: - Cannon SX500 Digital Camera - can contain thousands of pictures. - ThinkPad Laptop - ThinkPad Tablet It's a normal memory and have a lot space to have soo much things, it's a good quality and it's not so expensive I ordered this, hoping it would fit my 2 year old phone. It was just the right size. I am extremely happy. It works. It holds alot. The sender sent it fast. What more can I say. Now I'm taking up room just to get the right number of words. My phone recognized the SD card as soon as I put it in. Card comes with a handy adapter that fits in the SD port of my laptop Bought it to use in a Samsung Galaxy tab. Works fine. I don't have any use for it now though, too many phones are not using micro sd cards. They are greedy and charge exorbitant prices for memory. Kingston Digital 32 GB micro SDHC Flash Memory Card Have been around for many years making one of the best SDHC out there they are as good or better, than other top rated cards we all know, my oldest is about 14 years 4 GB and it still going strong, quality that never fails. Won't know unless it doesn't hold 16GB as it says. Other than that, it works and holds data.. 2 more words not needed. Already knew the brand Kingston, one of the best in the market. Just do not get send the two products that were purchased separately and on different days. Very good. It's cheaper than what you get at the store and it's 32gb for a good price! No complaints about. Overall, i'm happy with my purchase! A 32GB Micro SD for $18.99, AND free shipping. you can't beat that price anywhere. It arrived at my house Aug. 3rd. I ordered it July 31st. It arrived within 4 days. I put it in my phone and it works. It was in Legit packaging and brand new. I am very pleased and Wane85 can expect future business from me. Know your phone before ordering SD cards, some phones have limitations on how high the SD card can be. I got mine for a Droid Razor M. Which i do believe the max for them is 64GB. Not much to say about this product - it works and was cheap.... Buy it if you need one. Nuff said! I bought this flash memory card for my brother. He likes it and uses it in his mobile phone. So far he is fully satisfied with the product. I would recommend it to other buyers. This Kingston Brand works as well as other brands. I would purchase this brand again and I recommend this product. Very good product. Works as intended.Kingston is good product. I suggest this product name to anyone needing a micro sd card, very satisfied. yes i would reccomend this product. i was looking all over check every store for a 16 gb sd card and everywhere was expensive i have no issues with this item. it sis working good. i recommend it to anybody who needs one for either phone or camera use. Card works great in my Emerson go cam and the price was great. if you have the emerson camera you will want this card too. For what I'm using it for it works great and gives me plenty of space for pictures and storing notes. It Works perfect as i expected. It did not disappoint I didn't come across any issues. I recommend this to everybody. The flash card was what I needed for my phone before I upgraded. All my stored information could be successfully removed with this attachment. I also got the product quickly and would certainly purchase from this vendor again. Functions the way i expected it to. I recommend this product to anyone. the product works well and functions good. the seller shipped really fast I was surprised when it came the next day. Both the micro sd card and the adapter work perfectly and at such a low price it can't be beat. I added this to my Roku so I wouldn't have to worry about storage ... it works great and it fits the slot as well. It's an SD card, dude. It holds stuff and then you can move it around. Kind of like an extremely tiny flash drive. I put this micro disk in my Garmin Nuvi and so far it is working well. Price was right and shipping was fast. If your looking for more memory for your phone for a descent price this is a great product to by hold good memory along with your phones memory This card is required for the handheld scanner I purchased. It works great with my desktop and my laptop computers. I bought this card to put in my smart phone. It works well and it's nice that it comes with the adapter. Didn't know I could get such a great deal on a 32GB SD Card for my phone. I always run out of space on my smart phone on trip/outings. Didn't realize I only had 2 GB SD Card before. Now, I can take all the pics and videos I want while I am out with my kids! Its a memory card. It just works fine in my PSP. And anything else I need it for. I always buy Kingston or Sandisk. I bought this to go with the camera, it really doesn't fit, or plug in all the way, I don't believe they actually sell these things as being real..... Very good condition. I tried to use with camera Canon s100 and with Gopro 2 camera. Both images and video footage looks great. Thank you :) Product was in original packing. I am using it in my tablet. Works great, would buy another. Great price as well. Good value sd...works good. I would recommend a class 10 sd card over this. The speed difference is noticabel, especially Used in Nuvi 2455LMT. Needed more memory since internal memory was almost full as is. Garmin Express found it and reallocated files. Worked flawlessly. I bought this for my not so smart cell phone, that has a 1.3 megapixel camera. Since the cell phone initially saves to its internal memory and I then transfer to the micro SD, speed is not a factor. For the price, it's a great buy. This item does exactly what it is supposed to do. I would most certainly recommend it to others. I Love it. This thing is working great, got a ton of music on my phone now and loving it. Cant beat the price sooo why not get it? great price and it does do the job! I loved it and I got 2 more for me and my dad.. i am thinking to get more just in case! Haven't had any issues with this yet. This is the kind of product where if it does what it should and doesn't break, that's really all I can ask. Ordered this for my Samsung phone, works great. I now have more on-board memory than all the Apollo missions combined. Technology, have to love it. Good product, as advertised. Quick delivery. Kingston microSDHC memory card was exactly what I was looking for at a reasonable price. Highly recommended for cell phone users. Bought two of these to use in my Garmin GPS units to increase memory capacity. Loaded one with a number of photos. No problems. Would recommend because they work as advertised and at a reasonable price. After inserting into PC was recognized and placed files , books onto it with no problem until the PC says ' Can no longer place folder in slot needs extra space' and the marker is at 1.45gb of 1.99gb. Will fix this problem soon, other than that no problem. It works. I use it with a Garmin Edge 800 and Open Street Maps. No issues, so far. Would buy again. I used this card for my mp3 players and it works as it is supposed to. Not a class 10 so avoid in latest cameras and cell phones (slow speed) . For mp3 players (portable and car ) it is perfect. I have purchased Kingston products in the past and was comfortable buying this memory module for the Coby. The module works well and is recognized by the computer system as a "hard drive" when connected to the computer via the Coby. It holds items and clears items well and has thus far worked very well. Ordered tis microSD card to store music for a Galaxy SIII cell phone. Highly recommend this card for any purpose, photography, music, etc. I bought this specifically for my phone and it is working great. No problems at all. Would buy again in a heartbeat. Kingston 16 GB Flash Card worked and operated flawlessly out of the box and into an old portable windows CE device. Kinston has been providing me with affordable memory components for years and I hope my short experience with this memory card is as reliable as previous components. Needed a larger mini chip for a Gramin, and this does the trick - will load up with large map for 500 mile ride, and should be able to store actual travel for uploading to GoogleEarth my daughter uses it and I haven't heard any complaints from her.She uses it for pictures and some apps too. Great product, no problems. I prefer retail packaging due to less chance of damaged item, packaging was as expected. Purchased this item for my phone, the sd adapter was a wonderful bonus allowing me to easily transfer photos from my phone to my tablet while on vacation. I recommend. I got this for one of those handheld scanners for reciepts and such, it works great, it says it will hold around 4000 files... I think it will suffice. Delivered when promised and was exactly as described why do I need to keep typing to add to the size of the database This is a basic memory card that fits all your needs. I bought it to be used as a phone external memory and I didn't have any problem using it. This tiny little card contains more storage capacity than my first computer.......freaky! Amazon wants eight more words in this review, I love that, most people just tell me to shut up! I really liked the product recommended 100% I feel totally happy not hesitate to buy recommended ..... sending was done perfectly The 16 gb card does the job. Can be a little difficult handling such a small sized item but fit easily into the micro slot. This product moves and acts like it should so i can't complain. its a wonderful device im very happy with it. I was hoping for a new one at a price i wanted ever since i lost my last card and adapter. This was fastand let me copy my music down without flaws. This product is as described. 16 GB Adapter Kingston Brand Worked on Samsung DV150F Fully working. Review from Guatemala. Nice product If you need memory for your camera or cell phone, this card fills the bill, and at a cheap price to boot. I have used this memory extensively since purchase, and it has never failed me. No problems with the quality of the card whatsoever. It arrived packaged perfectly and undamaged. I would definitely buy another one. great price, alot of space on it holds alot of things , music, pics ,i like the card alot . The product was exactly was I expected, and it works great. I was totally satisfied with my purchase and with the shipping time. I got this for my tablet and it works great, plenty of space for the price and I haven't had any issues with it. It's exactly what you want when you are looking for a memory card. I recommend more gbs though if you're using a samung or droid. I got this for my phone and worked just fine. Its good in my book. Thanks for the product guys. The micro sd portion is working quite well but the sd adapter quit working within the first few weeks. It was being used in a digital camera and fortunately the camera has 2 sd slots. The camera bypassed the defective adapter and save photos to the secondary card. Otherwise, I would have been unable to capture any pictures during the family outing. Fast service This is ridiculous to fill out all of these boring words of non wisdom. four more words to go. yea I did it. sooo awesome for so cheap!! works great and had it so long. I would definitely recommend it to everyone :) bought for extra storage on wife's cellphone and it certainly filled the bill. Plenty of storage available to her now and at a price that is hard to beat! It's a basis card that allows you to expand the storage on your device. It works fine and I have had no issues or problems with it It works. been using it for about a month no problems with it. haven't lost any pics or movies. I would recommend. This is the recommended card for my device. Haven't had a problem with it yet. I have to add 5 more words... Got it to replace a really cheap micro SD card on my smartphone that was corrupt. Reading app reviews online of crashes sometimes makes me wonder if a lot of other people have corrupt SD cards and don't realize it. So far there have been a lot less application crashes, but I guess only time will tell if this one holds up. This card was for a MP3 player. It is working well for what I need, which is extra space of my Sansa clip... Good deal. Good value in a microSDHC card. Intend to use it to expand the storage of my Garmin GPS. And accomodate the newer maps. The adapter don't work so I'm glad I have an extra one myself. Its a very good deal for its price. the Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter SDC4/16GB works perfectly. I had no problem to fit or store on my cell Was not the right format as advertised for the media i wanted to place on it. Pretty disappointed with the overall product. I shopped around and found this a lot cheaper through this seller, plus free shipping. Now I can download all the music I want on my phone. Well done, Grasshopper! Haven't had any trouble so far. I am using it to store items on my Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet without any issues. So far, so good It is a memory card. Not the fastest card on the plant but its a class 4 so you get what you pay for. This is exactly what I needed and wanted. I used this for my Samsung galaxy to create more data space. I was very happy with the performance and the price. I have bought cheaper ones in the past but they always seem to freeze up. cheaper does not make things better well worth the price thank you A good product at a low price, lower than you would pay at a retail store. I got this for extra space on my cell phone and it works perfectly. I've been using these Micro SD cards for a while, mostly to add storage to tablets and phones. They do exactly what is advertised simply and with no issues. Simply insert the micro card into the adapter and insert both into your PC or Mac. Move files across to it, eject and insert into phone / tablet. Works like a charm and have had no issues with compatibility or errors on the card after consistent use. Recommended. This is a great flash card. The adapter makes it versatile. It also holds a lot of information. Good product. I started with a 4GB SD card from my previous cell phone. It wasn't enough with the number of pictures I was taking with my new phone. I purchased 2 books and a 16GB SD card. The books came, but the SD card didn't. After several weeks I received my SD card. It's doing the job I purchased it for. I hope to eventually move to a 32GB SD card. I'm a satisfied customer! Rarely write but memory card is simply a class. price quality ??????.??????? in this store is not the first time and all is well and efficiently comes. This SD card is in perfect condition and is less money compared to other retailers. It is easy to use and you can store almost anything. The accompanying adaptor is also great and a good bonus. The lifetime warranty gives me insurance that it will be a top-quality product. These are all great and I use them for downloading many pictures and other items I need to save for the future. arrived on time, brand new, affordable, just wanted to say thank you love the product a whole lot...will recommend this product good quality for the money-have had no problems with this brand before although I don't like to use a micro when I can use a regular sd card because they are tiny to handle and easy to lose. unfortunately, not all 8g SD are created equal. I could not copy the image I had developed on my monster 8g SDs because these 8g SDs aren't big enough. Best deal around and works in all our electronic devices. Such a good deal I got a spare just to have on hand for Christmas. One never knows when you may need one. The memory was easy to install and my phone recognized it right away. I've always had a good experience with Kingston memory. I use it for my PC's also. Works great. I don't know why it won't allow me to format the MD memory disk. So I switched it with the disk on my cellphone. Voila, problem solved. Now I can use this little thing on my phone, not on my laptop. Adapter is useful cuz I can print photos at Walgreen now with MD card. Cheap , shipped quickly, and works like a charm. no more deleting pictures or songs to add more storage. Recommend for the price. The handheld scanner was put into great use along with the memory card on my last trip to historical societies and museums. The paper documents that I was allowed access to was scanned and stored easy, safe and I didn't hunt for hours for the information when I got home this time. This works great in my LG cell phone! I need a larger one for my camera so I got this for the cell and put the other in camera! I was looking for the cheapest but safest purchase, Choosed this and I don regret it. exce le n t Its a sd card an it does what it supposed to, which is to store data, and it does so with no problem. I love these little things. My car stereo has a USB port for playing music. I keep about 4 f these with different kinds of music in there. Absolutely love it! I bought this for my little sister who suffered by never having anything to play her music! Now that she has my old phone, she needed this micro SD card to store everything she desired onto it. It was definitely worth the $6 I paid for it! I bought this SD card for my new phone and it works great. The set up (formatting) was easy on my phone and I can fit all my pictures and songs on it. This product works well, and as expected. I was looking for a version at a lower price that does not include the adapter, since I don't need the adapter and already have more adapters than I need. Great product for a great value, will be purchasing more in the future for phones and tablets. Thank you Kingston Digital, Inc. GREAT PRICE and I used my Discover Card which Amazon.com which uses Your Reward Bonuses from purchases if you have them and can Save Money like I did. I put the Micro-SD card in my New Samsung Galaxy S3 cellular phone. If Need more Memory I have PLENTY NOW. The mobile phone is 16GB. Kingston is a good product and have used it before in my older mobile phones and Now in My New Canon EOS Rebel T1i Digital camera (DSLR). Thank You, Elliot N. Herzel Birmingham, Alabama Came formatted right, everything was what it should be. I was worried that it might come damaged as one before did I cannot believe this happens to me. It stays in my phone just for six months and no response after all. So speechless. Arrived quick, has never failed. I've used it for quite some time now, and no issues with memory loss or working with any device. Works as advertised. It does what is meant to do. It arrived on time, I just put it in my device and was ready to be recognized and used The perfect item to have as an accessory for your phone and yet inexpensive. Thank you for your merchandise.....would recommend to anyone out there...i have already purchased 3 of them for my family... This memory card maybe small but it holds a lot of memory to it. Less than 1 4th the size of my MP# yet it holds 10 times the songs. works great can use it my phone and camera. Would recommend if u enjoy taking pictures, with either device , good space, good brand, good product. It will work on any device u want. And it will last with good care it works.Does what a micro sd has to do. It is also great that it comes with the adaptors. l 16gb micro sd card that does what it says. Stores everything on my mp3 player easily. what more can you ask from it? I inserted this memory card into a Samsung S390G Tracfone, powered the phone off and back on, and experienced the joy of having 16 GB of memory to store music albums and e-books (PDFs) beyond my expectations. It works. It's a great value. What more needs to be said? Have not had any problems with this card. It has plenty of space on it for recording in my Tascam DR-05. This card works as advertised, nothing more, nothing less. I would recommend to any buyer. Cost is good and performance is as expected... Highly recommended. I use this constantly and never had a problem with it. Grab a couple for your tablet! It's a great item. This is a fast and reliable micro SD card. It worked as advertised. Using it on my Nokia 301. The SD adapter that came with it is a plus as not all card readers support the micro SD. Got it at the most affordable price on Amazon. As a MicroSDHC card it does what is says it will. The reading and writing speeds are OK for the purpose I wanted (map on a GPS). For the price you're paying... c'mon, it's ridiculous and from a brand like Kingston, you can trust it. Go for it, it's cheap! Does what a memory card should do. I use it in my Garmin GPS. Good price and great that it has the adapter with it. Ordered this to use in a Sansa Clip + MP3/radio player. Works great, great price, quick shipping. Does a good job. Just a described. Fit my phone just right. Great product that woks properly. I would recomend this to anyone who needs one. I still have a phone that requires a memory card. I love snapping pictures and the adapter allows me to upload to my computer/ Got this to expand the memory in my Garmin GPS. Since the GPS I have will only allow up to 8 gig and didn't need the faster speed of some other cards, I got this one. Works well and is dependable too. I formatted the memory chip when I put it into my new (cheap) mp3 player and it only showed 3.69 GB of 8 available. While I didn't expect a full 8 GB, I was looking for about 7.5 GB or so. So what happened? The mp3 player was a crummy LCD mini player but I still would expect the memory to work...? It does everything it is supposed to do. It seems to be as fast as it is rated. holds a lot of information. Excellent MC for the price and works excellent in my Emerson Go cam Clear Pictures comes with the mini card for the go cam and a MC for your regular Digital camera . This product came with the Emerson from Amazon. The Kingston 16GB Card is very usefull. It matches with all kinds of card readers. Specially because of the Adapter, which works fine. The price was also very nice compared to Cards here in Brazil. I bought it for my cellphone and recommend it. Nothing to complain until now. I'm a 7 months owner. 5 Stars came quick and exactly as described. would buy another if I need one and would recommend. liked the case that came with it too. I have never had issues with Kingston memory before, and this is no exception. The adaptor is also a nice touch, making it portable to other devices. It is an excellent product, used on any occasion to need a portable memory, can be made invisible to the eye when loading clothes that is not consistent with the use for work. It is light No problems, less price that other competitor's products. I have been using for 1 month in the gopro and have not had ANY issues. Would recommend Got this for my wife's cellphone and it is an excellent product. I have bought several of these for different phones with positive results. I had bought this thinking it would give me more memory for my phone overall, but it only adds to picture storage (though that's because my phone is dumb, not a problem with the product). Still, it works great! I love this card! at first I couldn't decide between the sandisk and the Kingston. Im glad I purchased the Kingston class 4. In not sure on the read/ write speeds but this card performs better than the 16 gb I had. If your looking for speed and storage space this is the card you want, the Kingston 32 gb gets 5 stars for performance and storage space. I bought this to upgrade the memory in a Garmin device. It worked perfectly, and I was able to load all the maps I needed. The price is about the best you will find anywhere for this, and the two day delivery was much easier than going to an electronics store.l Came as promised, and works just like it should. It is a standard micro SD with adapter, it was less expensive than the others. First, the order took forever to go through. Second, they said it was delivered, closed out my order on Amazon and everything, when it hadn't been. I was disappointed to say the least and decided to give it one more day before losing my cool and calling customer service or writing an e-mail to raise unholy hell on these people. It was delivered the next day. So don't panic if this happens to you. Lastly, the biggest pet peeve of mine of this order is that they shipped this TINY little MICRO USB card...in a regular small manila envelope. No packaging, no cushioning, no box, just a flat envelope. So not cool. If it had been stepped on or smashed under another much heavier box, the card would have been destroyed. Those are my reasons for giving them only three stars. Otherwise, I have no complaints. The drive works great, does what I need it to do and is exactly what they said it would be. I'm content with this purchase but probably won't buy from them again. :\ I really enjoy the small microSDHC it fits perfectly in my phone, and I did not have to spend a lot of money on it. I love it I would highly recommend it to everyone that needs extra space. Just what I ordered, very good quality. I recommend it, it works great. I love, I am satisfied for this item This is perfect to work with my phone, camera and PC card reader port. The memory is a good price and the adaptor is so handy! Its an SD card, it hasnot failed so not much else to say, good price and fits as expected. Word I purchased this item to double my memory on my new Samsung S4. Received the memory and phone at approximately the same time. I popped the memory in just before I put in my battery - worked perfectly. All my videos and pictures save to the external memory without complaint! use this card for my Drift HD camera and have not had any issues with it. Record in HD and card works great. Love the price on these adapters and they are exactly as shown... will purchase more in the future, I'm sure. ok. It is only a chip, what can I say. It appears to work. It appears to work, etc.,etc., etc. Works as designed. Since there isn't much to be said about micro SD cards other than if they work or not. Good value. Bought these for the kid's DSIs, and they work perfectly. They were a good price, and free shipping. Expect nothing less from Kingston. It works perfect and the most important is the adapter to use the card in different ways. Kingston is a good brand... Bought this micro sd for my samsung galaxy s4 as a back up. It's what I need it's plenty of space & works great. The card worked reliably for about three weeks in a new phone. Suddenly I had no access to many items stored on the card and my phone would freeze trying to retrieve images from the gallery. I was able to download my images in my computer but despite reformatting, the card remained unreliable. I've used close to a dozen SD cards and I've used Kingston products for years (bought computer memory from them >10 years ago) and this is my first poor experience. I use it for my galaxy s4 for more storage and it fits perfectly I'd definitely recommend this to my friends Got this micro card to load with music to put inside of one of these phones, and it was flawless I'm a happy camper ........ now more value for my dollar ..... Next 32 then 64 and the grand prize 128g soon. as the price comes down LIke it..... I don't think my older brother has a new samsung but it works very well. Thumps up for buy it. does exactly what its supposed to and shipped pretty quick, its fast and has plenty of space to put all your precious data and expand your storage Great card at a great price. Worked great in my new Razzr Maxx phone. Kingston cards have been a staple for me for many years, But you will not get 16 GB of storage capacity. That is why I'm giving 3 stars. The very first time I used this, there was only 14.1 space left in the card. WHAT? So I reformatted it in hopes that there was something in it already taking up space and for the capacity to be 16. Nope, still the same. Oh well, I needed an SD and this did the job. the 16 GB is false advertising, You will get LESS. I don't know anything about read or write times, but from my personal experience, this 8 GB Class 4 card is much faster than my class 10 32 GB Sandisk microSDHC. I now wish that I bought a 32 GB Kingston instead of my Sandisk, despite the higher price of Kingston cards, I bet the speed would be better. Used this to backup my contacts on my phone. It worked right out of the box and required no formatting. The adapter that comes with it is a nice bonus too. But it's the shipping that makes it worth buying on Amazon. This was my first "Frustration-Free"(TM) packaging purchase on here and it was totally worth it. Sure I could of went to the store to buy this; but I didn't want bloodshed from opening those plastic security things. (Who invented those?) I literally was up and running in seconds after delivery. Thanks Amazon, my hands thank you. this item was exactly what i looking for. my cell phone took it without any effort and is working fine nothing to say about this just a 16gb card works great..and cheap..i like it.!!! its ok even its wet.!! kee up the good work What can I say? It is a micro SD card. It holds 8 GB. It stored my information and kept it there. Fast shipping. Needed a micro card for my phone, and this filled the need. I like Kingston products, and they have never failed me, so this was an easy decision. More than I could ask for fast, fair and efficient. I have no complaints at all. I'd do it again in a heart beat. i have bought several of these and they are great. easy to change out & load up with either movies or music. As a storage card, it works fine. I used it with a very old laptop (2003 ThinkPad T40) which has only USB2. So, I can't say whether the read or write speeds are good or not. for cell phones and my Android devices. I actually use one of these in my Canon SX40 camera (with the adapter) so I can review the pictures on my Acer Iconia A100 when I travel. The product came within the time frame, was packaged well and was exactly as described. I am very happy with this SD card and adapter. I was a little nervous about buying this product after some bad reviews saying it was a knock off. Well the one I received which was a 8gb turned out to be a good product. It was delivered on time, great pricing and it does its job. Plus having 8gb of memory for such a low price, you cant beat that! Formated card, plugged into phone and it works as I expected it to. Have always trusted kingston products and this one has not disappointed me. Now I've got more room for storage on my tablet. A great price on this chip, Kingston quality and dependability. Got this for my mom's blackberry, so not much to say, everything went great, i recommend the memory to everyone. I got this for my phone to increase the memory. And it works just fine, gives me the option of being able to download more apps. I can honestly say I have never had any problems with any brand of memory I have purchased since 1985 so I don't have a favorite "brand". Kingston makes a great product that (for me) has stood the test of time. this product is excellent... so good... i love it, recomended confort. Durability. Quality and Design. Conformance, just that i find it I got this to replace a broken SD card for my phone. It works and for the price, you can't beat it. Got this for my father in law to expand the memory capacity of his phone which he uses to snap a gazillion pics of his grandkids. It worked like a charm! Not much to talk about it. Came fast and works great. The supplied adapter works fine too. It worked great on my phone that accepts microSDHC. Highly recommend. Works good, use in my camera, phone, and computer. So much better than flash drives, and most importantly my mp3 player in my honda goldwing. I recommend it to everyone, is a good buy, I leave satisfied. 100% recommended, do not hesitate to buy it. Fast enough and enough space for now. It has filled the spot in my Galaxy S4 for now and maybe the rest of the year. way better then I thought it would be. works very fast upgraded my S4 to this memory card and now I have tons of space. If your looking for a quality memory card that does what its intended to do; then this card would be perfect. Great price for 8g and so far has done great storing my photos, music, movies and more. BOUGHT TO GO WITH A CAMERA I BAUGHT FOR MY SON, THIS IS THE SPARE SO I HAVENT USED YET! BUT FAST SHIPPING WAS A ADDED PLUS Works like a charm. Does what it does and hold everything I throw at it. Only complaint is that it didn't come with a usb adapter like other MicroSDs, but no biggie I got some laying around. There are many people who are docking this product because they've received fakes. Don't be stupid and give the product a one star because you bought from a unreliable re-seller. Worked out of the box. Tablet saw it and used it immediately. Good buy for devices that don't need high speed storage. I just now realized they are all Samsungs, but this card has worked fine with my Tab, Galaxy 3 and digital camera. This is a good memory card for the price. I used it to load my raspberry pi operating system. It worked as expected. This is a handy piece of technology. It does what I needed it for, removing pictures from a few phones I have been holding onto just till I got the pictures off of them and onto my computer. Worth the little bit that it cost. Super cute- the perfect amount of memory! absolutely Everything i was looking for! an awesome value and definitely worth the money! I have an LG Venice with boost mobile and I was desperately needing more space so I ordered this SD card. This is a great buy because on boost mobiles website it was over 20$ just for an 8gb. You can get a 16gb for 11$ that's a steal!! Once it arrived I popped it in and everything works perfectly. I now have space for plenty more apps, music and pictures. Using this card within a Car DashBoard Video Camera Vehicle Video Accident Recorder DVR - 1080P Full HD Resolution Video, 2.0" LCD Display, as consumers who use newer class10 microSD cards have experienced issues. So far, this card has performed flawlessly, and transfers to my mac do not take long at all despite its obvious slower capabilities. Also works perfectly within the afore mentioned dash cam. Very pleased. It was recommended to me and Kingston is a good brand name so I feel confident I will have no problem can't say anything bad about a flash card. I just got it at the time I ordered my new tablet and decided i needed to get a memory card at the same time.. Works great. Thought I would buy some additional memory for my many electronic devices. Actually, this memory buy was to upgrade my 7 inch Archos tablet. Worked great! I find this very useful, and gives me ample storage for my text books for college. This makes my book available with out having to be on line. I had originally bought a Sandisk for my Samsung Advance but it stopped working and I lost a lot of information it was a big headache, I googled this and found out others had the same experience, based on one reviewer who passed the same situation I decided to buy the Kingston, fot two months It has worked fine. It worked for the contour digi cam, no problems so far, want to see if it will work in the RC. bought it for my cell phone had it for about 6 months now and its still going.works great easy to use and easy to add and remove things on it .downloaded it in my computer alot and is still going holds alot of pictures and songs This is a good one selection, it works perfect in my new smartphone. I recommend so much this product to you. I needed expansion memory for map upgrades to my Garmin nuvi GPS. (Why Garmin makes an update that won't fit in the original memory space is beyond me.) The easy open case works fine and provides a convenient storage for the included SD adapter. I have used this brand many times and I have never once had a problem. I also prefer to buy a micro sd card with an adapter included, as this one had. Typical Kingston quality!! For the price, you can't find a better SD card, especially the Micro SD. I highly recommend, Very good card for the price. Very fast on smart phones. Adapter works very good on all the devices. It even worked prefectly with SLR with the adapter. Recommend this for buying. I purchased this product to add storage to my Nook HD + tablet. You can't beat the price. Great value. Before I had this 8 gig memory card for my phone, I was a wimp and all the jocks used to pick on me. Now, I'm a grade A cool cat with all the memory I need and the opportunities roll in when people see just how confident I am. Thanks Kingston! Not really much to say, here. It fits where it is supposed to go, and holds whatever I send to it. Perfect. I got this for my Samsung Galaxy S3 and it works just fine. I am not sure what other people are talking about this product being a fake. after format total space free 31.5GB space. Speed is too slow only 345K/sec it is ok to be used with old GPS systems Actually, I mean GREAT PURCHASE, pun Is intended! Kingston has always delivered quality in their products that I have selected. These SD cards are no exception. I love these because more and more products use the Micro size SD card, Making it very easy to transfer Data between Cameras, Computers, and Phones & Smaller Devices (like media players, etc.). Of course, with a quality product that is this useful and the company can sell it at a very reasonable price, I consider it a Win, Win, Win, Win, i.e. Manufacture, Retailer, Purchaser, & who ever benefits from fast, quality results, such as user, customer, & receiver of the work! Thanks! I used this memory for my phone. It was nice that an adapter was included so that I could use it in my desktop computer. The speed is reasonable and quick enough for my device. Works great with Galaxy Tab 2. I can't complain, the sd card does exactly what was expected. three more words This memory card stopped working after using it twice. Completely unreadable by my galaxy s3 or my macbook. Waste of money.. Thanks Kingston! Good price, dependable memory cards. I've used Kingston memory cards and computer chips for years and have never been disappointed. I originally gave this card a negative review, believing it was counterfeit. That turn out to be untrue. It must be the SD card reader on my lap-top because when I tried the USB card reader it showed as having 32ishGB space available. The CD card reader show it as having only 512 bytes space. The bonus USB card reader I got from Amazon really saved me from believing I had a bad card and Amazon from some bonehead (me!) from writing a bad review. I was able to delete that review though not as soon as I should have. It took me some time to find that option. I apologize Amazon! There's not a whole lot to say, but has been doing the job just fine, and also the quality was fine as well Product as advertised and arrived properly and on time. It's use is to upgrade from my original flash card to maximum amount allowed by device. I use a digital bridge camera. Depending on the resolution setting, I can get from 700 to almost 2000 photos on one chip. Saves a lot of space I used to use for film. Saves a lot of money I used to spend for film. Saves a lot of money I used to spend for having film developed. Saves a lot of money I used to spend on having photos printed. The only thing I give up is high resolution of film. 32GB: Plenty of space for such a small price. Absolutely love it. You can't go wrong with this one! 2 thumbs up. So far no problems with this MicroSDHC card. It has not quit working yet. If you are interested in Transcend cards please see my review on it. Do not by Transcend cards.. This card seems fast enough for my use (in my android phone) and have not had any issues with it not working. Seems quite reliable. I highly recommend Kingston cards, they have never let me down, even my old trusty USB 2.0 Kinsgton DataTraveler G2 flash drive. I now believe I shall only buy Kingston memory of any kind! High quality for sure. Thank you Kingston and Amazon! Just what I expected. I'm using it in my GPS to provide more storage. I didn't have any problems with my Garmin recognizing the card and it provided much needed space. The 16 GB card will only hold 1hr and 54 min of recording on a car cam. video it works well for the time period I just wish it would state the amount of recording time so you would know what GB card would be best for your equipment with out buying them and inserting them to find out the amount of recording time as an audio recorder will run longer on a 2 GB than a camera will on a 16 GB. other than that it works very good and records a good picture its work it, for the price wow i cant complain, i got it for my cellphone and its working fine. a memory card that meets all the requirements, it is excellent product because it meets all the specifications, it works correctly and is good brand It does what it's supposed to, as advertised. Hard to be critical; I haven't had any trouble with it, but then I wouldn't expect to. So far, this works & hasn't corrupted. I'll let you know if it does. Both SanDisk & Transcend only lasted about 2 months. good product, I recommend it, that card looks good, to put my laptop worked properly. the price is very good in relation to quality. Great price & great product. No issues with the memory card thus far and don't expect any; Kingston is a trustworthy product based on my experience. bought this one for my LG800-G phone and nice. enough space to save needed stuff on a smart phone or other mobile devices. Just about right for the price and actually it is exaclty what I was looking for. Thank you very much. No issues, just plugged in loaded it up and no issues. Could ask no more from a flash device. Always like the adapter to work with my PC for loading. Got this for my new Cannon T3 camera. Held 9000 photo in low pix. but with my setting set to high resolution, HD and max pix, I still could hold a bit more then 1000 photos. Went on 9 day vacation and took many pictures every day. I got about 800+ photos. Not bad. I also have three 20 min video along with the 800+ pic. Tons of room, no worry. It was easily seen on my window computer once it was plugged in. I would order another when the time comes. What a great buy! The mini flash card for the camera and the SD adapter to download your pictures into a printer or any picture printing machine in the store. Have never had problems with any Kingston products. This one works as expected. However, a bit of insertion/ejection and toggling of the hardware switch on the Micro-card were necessary to transfer stuff initially. I ran out of space on my 8GB card and had to pitch for this bigger one. Now all my music fits on my phone. Plus I might get more games on there. Kingston memory is top of the line and this product did not disappoint me. Take a look around the price is absolutely perfect! Easy to upgrade the memory on my phone. Now I have an extra 16 GB for my Samsung galaxy 3 S. good material, i recommend for all of you buy this accessory. The price, utility and materials are very good and very nice i liked the fact that is cheap and very good quality Ive seen this cards at retail stores and they are pricey compared to this one i bought on live lots of storage room. comes with the adaptor as seen on the picture Saw all the good reviews and decided to purchase one for my S3. The card works fine the first three months but it gets slower and slower after that. Finally the card died and all my files are unable to recover. I was so happy about the price and it shipped fast and it was in brand new packaging like i bought it of the shelf. price is right!!!! I remember when I was upgrading my desktop's with 128mb memory (RAM) sticks. Now I can have 8gb of solid state storage smaller than a quarter. Amazing. I bought the Samsung galaxy s4 and needed more space for media. This product has a great price and works with my phone so i'm happy. What can you say about an SD card other than if it works or not??? I put this in my Galaxy and it works great. I have had SD cards fail on me before and have lost dozens, if not hundreds, of pics, videos, and music. This card is reliable and dependable. Want download any apps from playstore. Product force closes and freezes up constantly! It was a good price but my son dosent use it because it freezes up on him I got this to expand the memory on my MP3 player. Yep, MP3 player because I ate the apple twice and regretted it both times. Don't overpay for that iCrap. Can't touch these at an electronic store for a quarter of the price on amazon! Works great for my navigation system in my truck. For the price, it was perfect for the size expansion to a cheap handheld device. If it goes on sale again, jump for the price. We had one of our phones had a car didn't that was too small in storage. Going to Kenston 8 GB did the job. I bought this for my Samsung galaxy tab 2 works good I will swap it and use it in my zen as well Bought this card for my Vupoint hand scanner and holds all the information I want to put on it. Ernie This was another great buy through Amazon. Came when it said it said it would. Saved $40.00 I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a SD card. I remember the days when I bought a microSD card with just 2GB memory for the same price.......and now I have on with 8 times the capacity....no i can take as many pictures i want with my camera without worrying about space running out What can you really say about a MicroSDHC card? It works! I needed more memory on my 3D blue ray player because I kept getting "out of memory" responses when playing discs. So, I added this card and no more error messages. very good investment very useful perfect condition very practical good memory The product was what I expected I love it Great, the best undoubtedly brought everything indicated by the publication, is great quality, has exceeded my expectations. Great buy. From Venezuela recommend This item rocks!! Proven to be very effective, holds alot of pictures and music. Works great on adapter also. Highly Recommend. This flash card is just as i expected. I use to buy this brand and never had issues with them. Recomend it always. I would recommend this product to anyone that needs ample storage. There is nothing that I dislike about this product. I own a Garmin 50LM, the LM stands for lifetime maps. Due to the size of the on-board memory, Garmin recommended purchasing an additional 4 GB of memory in the form of a micro flash card. It works great and allows more room for map updates and firmware upgrades. Great item for a good price. So far my SD card is working great. More space which is what I need it. Happy with it. I will update the review if I experience any issues. its a working sd card with an adapter for each card not much more to say about it then that I chose Kingston because of its good reputation. The price was very good for a 16 GB card. I would recommend it to anyone. I was doing a recent map and traffic update and needed more space on my micro sd card in order to install the new maps and add ons to my Garmin Nuvi. This gives me all the space I need and the speed seems to work just fine for what I need with my GPS. You can't go wrong with the Kingston name as they stand behind their products. I personally have never had to replace one of their cards so that says a lot about the Kingston name. And I have never had any troubles for space anymore. This in conjunction with a MicroSDHC to MS PRO DUO Adapter have solved all my space needs and I have never looked back. The performance is also satisfying, no notable read/write delays, great for a Class 4 device. I will buy again in the future with this company. Good price. I recomended this to my friends, because I found a lot choices. Thank you. Kingston is a great company in my book. I've bought a computery part from them before, and I've just had an all-around good experience with this name. It does what it's supposed to do, and it is less-prone to corrupt or mess-up on you compared to some other SD card manufacturers that I won't name. Nuff said. Since certain cards tend to not work with certain gadgets I'm posting this review In regards to how it works In my Magellan Explorist 510. Not a whole lot to say other than it works perfect in the unit. Processes the data on the card as fast as you would want it to. 8 Gig is a lot of map space that will now be available for my TOPO maps and my Satellite imagery come hunting season. Thank you. It does what it should. I would buy again. I would have no problem recommending this to a friend. done Very slow transfer speed, 1.4mb/s. i get 10mb/s on my other card. I would not recommend getting ur phone. 2/5 Great product, delivered as advertised.I'll recommend to anyone that is looking for a quality 8GB memory card for a fair price. Not a whole lot to say about this SD card except that it works as expected without any issues. Works very well in my Samsung Galaxy S3 as well as my Canon T3i DLR with the included adapter. This allows me to record HD video on the Canon, which I could not do with the old card because it would not read/write fast enough to record high frame rate video. What can I say. Bought to add extra maps to Garmin Nuvi GPS, and works great. No detected slower than normal loading of the maps. Sadly this did not work in my IPAD....still working on find a solution. If not we shall move along and buy another brand ========= Update: =============== I initially rated this as a 1 star. Kingston contacted me to stand behind the product, so I bumped up my rating to 4 stars. Ya, I got a dud at first, but when they make the effort to fix my issue, I can't ask for better than that. So I recommend Kingston. ==========ORIGINAL POST:========= I ordered a 32Gig card. The card I got said 32Gig on the package and on the card, but the computer only saw it as an 8Gig stick. I checked it on 5 different computers running Win XP, Win 7 and even Linux. They all saw it as an 8Gig card. Kingston makes great memory, but I think that they may have gotten their products mixed up when they printed the ink on it. Needed something for my prepaid phone, & the price is just right for the size. Works great & happy with it. All I wanted was a cheap SD card for in my old cellphone. I am planning to use it with some small speakers to provide music on the other side of the yard. So, 4Gb is more then enough for a good number of songs, and it is fast enough to play without issues. And of course...it is cheap. Always a good argument. Recommended. I use this in my phone and haven't had any problems. Mine was in sealed Kingston Packaging so for me anyways, I have no complaints about Chinese or 3rd party knockoffs. Mine was completely legitimate and I'm fairly certain Amazon saw to that problem and remedied it so I wouldn't let that worry you at all. Plenty of memory for a phone or other device but depending on what you use it for you may want more memory. Just make sure this is the right size of memory card for your device! I would recommend this product. Worked perfectly and was a great price. Whenever you buy memory cards from actual cellphone companies, they always jack up the price almost 3x as much. Easy to use and no prob at all. I originally bought this for my camera. The transfer to laptop and tablet is great . This is a nice product from Kingston and is shipped brilliantly by Amazon with a high quality packing. It is very suitable for your smart phones with high speed data transfer. Fit well and installed in the phone without issue. No complaints, did what it was supposed to do, add storage without hassle. the thing work very good that all u need to know if it didn't I would tell u so, thanks, This SD card works just as I'd expect. Fast enough and large enough memory to suit my needs. I'd recommend it! Exactly what I needed and wanted. It's very convenient to able to have the adapter so I can transfer the images to my computer/laptop if I did not have the usb cord. The card was the best buy for the price and I haven't had any issues with it keeping memory of songs or different apps. This micro was purchased for the magic wand, and worked as expected. Scanning pictures onto the micro sd with the magic wand was effortless. DW scanned hundreds of old, and I mean old pictures for transfer to the computer. They came out great for the age of the photos. I have equipment that doesn't accept the microSDHC so this package is invaluable. The price was very reasonable and I've never had a problem with a Kingston product. It works just fine. There's not a whole lot other than that to say about it. It's a standard MicroSD card. They do what they are supposed to do for me, I put some music on it, I slid it in my phone, my phone recognized it and played the music Perfect little MicroSD with 16GB of storage! Works very well in My Nook Color as well as my Samsung Galaxy! I got this for my Garmin so I could upgrade the maps in it. This is an outstanding card. Very fast loading times on my maps. I have always had good luck with Kingston products and make a effort to search them out. My current flash card was having issues. Found this one and I thought the price was good. Ordered it, received it, installed it and have never looked back. It's a decent memory chip. Does the job and it was pretty cheap as far as these chips can go. No complaints with it. the micro card worked perfectly but once i put it in the sd card and connected it to my computer it would keep messing up and say potential failure due to unexpected damage! It's not as fast as class 10 but it's worth every cent paid! Just make shure your device supports SDHC first not just SD. It's just perfect! I didn't see any reviews for this product, so I wanted to let you know that the 8GB (7.4GB usable) works on my BlackBerry 8310. Interestingly, although the BB showed 8GB with the new card, I only saw 4GB (3.2 or 3.4GB usable) when I first connected to my laptop and the computer asked to format the card when I enabled Mass Storage Mode (I used this mode to drag and drop into the BB). I could only see 4GB on my work computer as well. However, after standalone reformatting the card (to FAT32) on my friends Compaq both of my computers (and phone) now properly see it as an 8GB card. My computer and phone information is below. laptop: Win XP Pro w/ 4.2.2.12 BB Desktop Manager work computer: BB desktop manager 4.6.0.12 with win2k pro phone: curve 8310 with firmware: v4.2.2.170 and AT&T as provider I'm looking forward to using the expanded storage! I like these flash cards,and this company, was started right here in southern California, I try to keep some money in this Country. I bought a similar flash card for my cell phone a few months ago and it stopped working. I hope this one will do the trick. I bought this for the micro sd card for my Galaxy S III, and the other memory card is just a bonus... The shipping time for this item could not be beat... Fast, prompt, and ready to store data on... Shop around, you will see, Amazon has been good for quality delivery times, and pricing on products like these.... Thanks Again Amazon, Will I Am Kingston is alway famous for its storage product. I havn't tried this card on very demanding device, only used it on the phone. It works well at this moment.. Just two uses don't know what happened but I have never really had a problem with a micro SD card Arrived/delivered quickly in retail pack with the adapter. Though printed as 32G on the pack, after installing in the mobile it shows as only 29.33G. There is nothing wrong with this product. You get everything they advertise. My only problem is NOT with this product but the mp3 player I bought to put the memory in. just came in and I am enjoying it already love everything about it will tell friends about it ! will do Perfect! Works in and on many of my products. I'd say this will work great for you! So get and enjoy. i ordered this product for my for songs. everything is ok but if you put into your phone then it doesnt work that well. it did it's job like it good product.i use this in cell phone till now no problems can erase old stuff and use it again . Works and intended and described. I can't believe so much memory can be retained in such a small space. QED Great stuff! Its a good combo. And the 32GB is anytime a good memory for the tab and good for personal use purpose. It works just absolutely perfectly with my phone. I've had some others that it says that it'll work, but I always ended up having to return it. but not this one! It works like a dream cheap and works great. i love the fact it comes with a sleeve so i can use it in my camera and in my phone, bonus. so far so good product is doing what its suppose to do. price for the product was money well spent I bought 2 for a Duo Adapter to use on my PSP3000. Tested the memory for real/fake and it passed as real! No problems at all with the memory being nearly full. Tip: make sure device supports Micro SDHC. Even with the adapter, some devices will not see it. very nice, very usefull to my computer and cellphone. reliable belt. i will recomend this product who ever needs it. thanks. Works fine in everything excep my Samsung Galixy 2 7" tablet , both in slot and Reader adapter wich is what I bought it for in the first place. But nothing other would work iin tthis adapter either. That iss why only four stars. was NOT disappointed these work perfectly fine inside of my cameras. i am very please and if need be will buy more. This product meets all expectations that I needed. I like the state as arrival at their destination. Brand new. I highly recommend this product for its excellent quality. The quality and functionality of the item is much better than similar. I purchased two of these. One I use in my PSP along with an adapter to play my game backups. The other I use in my smart phone. Both have had no issues at all. No complaints, praise all the way! Great deal here. good price, excellent quality (Kinstone) and good speed (Class 4), which gives you a data transfer capacity of 4MB per second, making it an excellent combierte memory card for mobile phones, gaming devices and even as pen drive (with a card reader) Good deal, I've used this brand many times for digital cameras and cell phones. Always happy with the product quality. Works great on my Straight Talk Galaxy phone, no issues at all. In a world where tech companies come and go, Kingston is a long-running and trusted name, they're my first choice across the board (pun intended) when it comes to RAM. I love this tiny little disc. I was able to transfer photos of my little grandson to my computer with it. the memory is so good, i use it to store music, video, game nd more. i recommend 100 %. i like it Popped easily into the tablet and my only regret is not getting the 32 GB card. It handles music and video storage without any problems Nice and cheap with loads of room for what I need. I bought it for additional space in the GPS. Its a nice one I got from amazon. Arrived earlier than the the date it was expected. I also use it for my camera since it has the memory adapter. The product is working well with Garmin GPS. I am able to update maps successfully. No issues observed so far. working well. Would recommend the product for such additional data storage requirements, Picked this up for use in my android device. works with no issues. can't complain. Adapter works great, can't really ask for more. Would not expect durability issue from Kingston, but time will tell. Just a basic MicroSD card. The included adapter is nice so it can be used as and SD as well. Take a lot of pictures with my Galaxy S3 and hate to delete. Having an extra sd card makes it nice for storage. Does what it is supposed to do. No issues with it. Works perfectly. It is a terrific little memory card. I only had it for about a month, but it works great so far, and i'm really happy with it. Worth the money! Will be put to great use, especially for e-books and kids' games as we travel this summer! The card is simple, fast, and reliable. I have stored movies and they play really well. The adapter is a plus. Works great, only problem is sometimes the card doesn't always sit in the adapter quite right or it would have been 5 stars. It is perfect. I have no problem so far. Very small but works well. I love it very much. Will recommend to my friends I have several of these already in San Disk. This was cheaper this time, so I purchased Kingston as they're a good brand as well. It does what it's suppose to. Very happy. This item arrived on time and well packaged. My only complaint is that it is not truely 16GB. When formated, this micro SD shows up at 15.7GB. That is not a huge difference for the price paid on this card, but it was enough to require a different card to load N2A. Otherwise, this card is going strong, standing in for the 16GB I originally had loaded in my mp3 player (which does show as 16GB and filled the role as storage for the N2A program). First I need to say that I have used Kingston products (RAM & various types of memory cards) for over 20 years, and I have NEVER had a problem or failure; I expect likewise of this product. A week ago, as I installed this 16GB card in my phone, I considered the price: less than 75 cents/GB. It brought me back to the first time I bought additional RAM for my Apple in the early 90's; a whopping $100 per MB (NOT a typo)! Around the same time, my son's Godmother was having a PC built for her with a 1GB hard drive (my MAC hard drive, at the time, was at 750MB). I remember asking her why a whole Gigabyte, as she couldn't possibly EVER need that much storage? Who knew? How things do change over time. One thing that hasn't changed, and that is Kingston quality & reliability. My next storage solution purchase will likely also be a Kingston product; and the one after that, and the one after that, and the one ... simply good, simply little, not so big but with a huge capacity. I love it very well. Thank you all simply excellent, the product fulfilled all my expectations warrants its low cost, and makes the big five star product quality undoubtedly I bought this for my phone for extra memory and it works great in my Samsung Brightside. Allows me to load my phone with pictures and music. I am using it in my Samsung Galaxy 7 tablet. It has been working perfectly. Good product for the price. I am glad to write that I found this product very good and the quality is unmatched it is worthy and very good. Does anyone actually realize that this tiny, teeny, thing can hold 148,000 jpegs? Probably the whole downtown library of books --- And for the price! Unbelievable. It works well and serves it purpose.....I have no complaints about the Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB . I am using this in my B&N Nook. Yes it's quite overkill in capacity for ebooks but I can always use it for other things later if don't keep the Nook around. And at the price with Amazon Prime free shipping it was a great deal! Awesome product like always by Kingston. I have never had a Kingston flash drive, memory card, RAM, SSD and other product by Kingston fail on me. Kingston is very reliable. Got it the next day installed it and it simply works. Was already pre-formated and shows up on my secondary android device with no problems what so ever. I have a microSD card reader in my computer but the adapter included can prove useful for those who have older hp computer that have only the 4 standard cards from about 6 or so years ago. Overall very The Kingston memory micro SD is excellent for the cost however you need to make sure you keep the SD standard carrier. i tried to read from the micro card in a SanDisc carrier and it would not read, I had to relocate the Kingston Carrier. I can take more pictures now because I only had a 2GB memory card which only held a smal amount of pics. Arrived quickly. I am using this as additional memory for my GPS in the car. Works great with no problems. I don't like the adapter plastic case but I will not be using it anyway. Great to boost memory in an music player or to use to store items from my computer. This is easy to use and adapt. I ordered this for my phone because I only had a 2GB card to begin with. It was exactly as expected, just needed a littel more room. No problems at all. I didnt know how get my pictures off my notebook but this product sorks great. Not only for my notebook but vor my desktrop and laptop The card works like it should. I haven't had any problems. It is a good little memory card, gets the job done! I've used this card in my phone and in my computer. I've switched it around quite a few times, formatted it, generally treated it rough, and it has never let me down. Great price for a a lot of memory. A good buy. I have hundreds of pictures and songs and about a hundred documents and still have about ten gigs of ram left. I worked very well for my tablet, now I can download more applications, with 16gb of space is sufficient to update, comes sealed in its blister, delivery was fast. It was at an incredible price and everything went better than what I thought. Thanks so much for your patronage!!! Amazon came through again. My phone won't accept just any microSD card. It has to be old school technology. I don't need high capacity, but enough to capture and download to my pc. This is inexpensive, compatible, and already at my door before I could shop for one around home. I originally ordered it for my Samsung Galaxy S3 phone, but decided to put it in my Galaxy Tab 2. It does what it is suppose to do. It was delivered on time. But if I had waited a couple more days I would have gotten it a little cheaper, but that's how it goes. I'm still happy. got these for some friends who needed to get bigger memory card than they had on their phones. got to me quickly and they all work perfectly. seems like a Good product but for thin hair. I use it on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2. It works great. Thank you It rocks. I love the extra memory on my cell phone and I got it for an affordable price! I recommend it. I got it for my Droid phone since I take a lot of photos and videos. I've been using it about 4 months and no problems. I was worried since some reviews say the product isn't legit but I've had no problems and thought it was a real bargain. Used in a Garmin Oregon GPS and works flawlessly. I was concerned whether to use a higher class chip, like a 10, but this is what was recommended and it works great. is a good memory for the right price, I liked how small the package. is excellent for cell and non-professional cameras. This is a great product an value for the price. No problems on my galaxy s3 phone..... I would buy this again for sure. Anywhere else, this price would make me nervous abt the quality of the actual item. But hey, a micro SD card is a micro SD card, right? In this case, yes, definitely right. :) Works perfectly and affordable, RAWK! Seller was prompt, transaction smooth. It is nice, exactly as described. Includes the adapter which is always useful. i would recommend this to a friend did it's task, no problems so far; use it in andorid phone and it work overall happy with purchase has good amount of storage space This card works great - bought it for my husband's new SIII. He's really enjoying it & I see no difference from other SD cards. Used for expansion of my garmin GPS. Works fine. Had it for a few days. Cheap and just as good as a transcend microsd I have. I purchased this card for use with my android tablet and it works pretty well, no problems so far and it holds pretty well. I needed a memory card for my player so i got it in the mail 2 days ago. i love it !! So far it has improve the memory that it needs. Hopefully i can put more games or movies or even more music in it.!! Thank you....... :-) I bought this to use with a portable GPS and it works fine. I haven't had it very long, but I don't anticipate any problems because I've purchased this brand before and haven't experienced any problems. Good price. Good product. Received it incredibly short period of time. Works Good and is exactly what I wanted. Would recommend to everyone. It came very quickly and was just what i wanted. There was nothing wrong with it. And yes! I would recommend this to others. This product is a MUST HAVE if you own a smartphone! it holds loads and loads of data, music, photos, videos! ringtones! everything!!!!! It's 8GB of micro SD with an adapter card for SD. It works as advertised, that is all I have to say. I was not expecting less than perfect from Kingston. It does exactly what I says. 16 GB of micro SD memory. Original unopened Kingston pack. Needless to tell more. ...so far after a few months of use in my cell phone, I've had no problem. It reads quickly, and hasn't failed like some Sandisk ultras did on me. Well priced memory card that works well in the recording device I use it for. I didn't need a faster card (class 10) and so far it has proven stable and reliable. Unbelievable the mark up some phone companies charge for additional memory on their devices! Versatile will work in a lot of devices. I use it in my GPS and it works very well for that purpose. Great card for music and documents. Card is easy to use and durable. Music and documents transferred seamlessly to any device card was loaded into. It works as advertised, no more and no less. The small and larger casing makes it more adaptable to multiple uses versus just the stadard large SD case. works fine, access is good enough for my music devices, no problems at all, moving to them was quick and easy Product was as expected (excellent) with plenty of storage space and a great price as Always from Amazon . Thanks Amazon , Customer for life what can you say about Kingston other that 100% reliable and 100% quiality? I think is a waste of time just to write this review since this brand has ALWAYS been the BEST one on flash drives / cards My friend loves this. She has tons and tons of pictures so this will last her for quite a long time. I purchased this to use in a 7-inch tablet I bought on Amazon. I put a bunch of movies on the card and watch them on my tablet with no issues whatsoever. I've used other Kingston products and find them to be solid for my basic use. I highly recommend this SD card! Works great. The small flash card works fine in my dash cam. I haven't had to try the adapter yet. Your typical memory card, can't really get too in depth haha works just fine. ---------Update--------- I've used this micro SD card for 4 months. It was working fine until suddenly none of my devices (laptop, computer, phone) recognized the card. It just stopped working all together. So, I called Kingston directly and they were so nice about it, they replaced the card and even paid for the shipping. Even though it probably costs 10 cents to produce one of these cards, the fact is they have great customer support and know how to make their customers happy. Having said that, I definitely recommend this card. Thanks Kingston! Very good quality, can't go wrong with Kingston. I actually got more than what I originally expected with the adapter. Is what I expected and price was good. Seem I need 12 more words to post four three two one It came promptly thanks to Amazon Prime. I just bought a new smart phone and it has worked quite well for them! Transfer speeds seemed quick enough. For the price, this is a great product and Kingston has a great reputation. Still a class 4 memory device and fine for a smart phone. Just be aware that is a standard MicroSDHC chip. The price point was right on. It was just what I needed. It filled the need that I had in order to keep my phone in working order My phone is faster now. I needed the extra space. There is nothing more I can really say because this item does it's job. One thing that I do love is that it comes equipped with an adapter so that I can load files from my laptop directly onto the microusb. This feature is what warranted the 5 stars from me. Got these for phones and cameras. (With a ProDuo adapter, this 16GB is cheaper than an actual ProDuo 16GB card.) Works great to retrieve photos from cell phone to install in computer for printing, etc. Very easy to use, and a good price. I bought this for the price and for the capacity. I works just fine, I cannot tell a difference from it and my SanDisk. Good value and easy to use. I purchased this for my Garmin GPS. This can also be used in amny of the smart phones too So easy to use and is exactly as advertised. Would recommend to anyone needing extra memory. Use it in my digital camera. Bought this 8 GB Class 4 Flash Memory Card for my MP3 player. It works well and holds many songs. It worked great on our vacation holds lots of pics . Just as advertised. I may never fill this one up ! Ordered this to replace my wife's old micro sd that gave up on her. Kingston is a highly regarded brand so only time will tell, but so far she and I are super pleased with it. It came protected and brand new item. Excellence by this remarkable low price. I would recommended it to anyone of my friends or folks. As a fan of Kingston's products, this is no exception to the expected quality. Transfers as fast as the on board flash storage on the phone (through USB; haven't tried the included adapter to full-size SD due to lack of SD port in the computer) and stores a good amount of data for the price. Works well in my SIII. More memory than I will probably ever use but the price was too good to pass on. works good without any hassles I would buy another one and I would recommend to a friend so check it out I bought 2--1 for me and 1 for my daughter. They arrived on time, and work fine. They are a great value for the money. A replacement for one that was stolen. Highly recommend for all who needs spontaneous scanning. Lots of storage That's why I bought another to replace the one I lost. very good I can put a ton of music and audio on it I use it for my little mp3 player and it works great I like how it has a little case for the SD card to! get it please! my adapter does not work, this really sucks. the lock slide doesn't lock as designed. the memory card cant be read while in the adapter Works well and good price. Got it to use with my ZEN mp3 player. Works well right out of the box. excellent article high capacity, high quality, excellent recommended.capacity is valid, the brand is well known arrive on time.and not to mention that following the sale, makes it safe I needed a micro sd card for my cell phone. The Kingston memory card was a good choice and good value. The extra benefit of this particular item is having the sd card adapter to give the flexibility of using this with other devices. I highly recommend this product. The reason for the low rating is that it was simply just not enough storage. I needed a 32GB card (which I purchased later) for my storage needs. Did everything it said it would, no issues with speed or formatting. Have used it with both a Samsung galaxy S2 and a galaxy S4. It is the first time i buy one like that and it look ok to me but am not sure if it work like it sould do it it take the video on 10 minutes eqch time. I read lots of reviews before buying this SD card, so I was really careful when I made my purchase. I chose the retail option, and I made sure I purchased from Amazon. My card arrived quickly and sealed in a package. I called the Kingston verification line, just to be sure, and they confirmed it was the real deal. It's been working really well, and I'm very satisfied with my purchase. Easy peasy... I'm using it in a cell phone that is no longer used as a phone... I'm using it's camera. This particular phone doesn't connect to the puter via cable for transfer of files, so I needed the memory card. The adapter included goes into the puter, the card then transfers between phone and puter. Plug and play, no software needed, and getting an extended service life out of that unused cell phone. Compact microSD Memory 32Gb just what I needed for my smartphone! Product came with SD adaptor for when I want to download or backup into my PC. I like this product because it came new jut as expected. I only use it for phone storage so I don't know about speeds compared to other faster SDHC cards, but I can easily say its fast enough for what I wanted, Glad I made the purchase on amazon. its a micro sdhd hold bunch of memory thing is tiny unbelievable from years ago.....but price was good and what the heck needed it for a phone....and other stuff too makes the usefulness of these cards valid... Works just as advertised, no problems; appears to be high quality and well made. Still not sure how they manage to get something so small to store such a large amount of data! Needed very small memory card for my recorder but then didn't know how to get the info off of it. This works great because it fits the standard SD card adapter and so can be read on any computer that accepts that size. I bought this from arsenal Pc and i have to say that everything was as they described, the micro sd memory includes de SD adaptor so i think is a good deal and the shipping was free. By it's very nature, it was as expected. Not much more to say except it was received in good time and worked well. Purchased two 32 GB micro SDHC cards and they seem to be working very well. There's only 29.33 GB available for the user but that was expected since you never get the exact amount of storage advertised.I really like Kingston storage devices. I've been using them for years and have never had any issues with them.Transfer speed is very good, not super fast but not too slow.Its a class 4 memory card so don't expect the fastest speeds. I definitely recommend this product. I have grown accustomed to the Kingston brand and even though 16GB actually means 14GB I find it to be sufficient for my Samsung Galaxy S6102 Quick shipping, good service, item as described and in perfect working order. Great deal! I can always use a few of these, and I'd buy this one again. formated for ip cam works perfect and price point fantastic.Have used two others as recovery and backup disks on my win 8 pc Chalked this up as a loss it didn't work and I ended up losing all my pictures because of it every time I tried adding things to my new card it said card had no room file was full was not impressed. Got a new card and everything worked fine with the new one from Walgreens I haven't used it yet so I dont have much to say. I got it mounted. Will have to see later how good the product works. My Garmin GPS needed more memory to install all the "necessary" updates, so I ordered this Kingston card for relatively cheap. At the price, you can't go wrong. The updates installed just fine, and I have way more room in the future for any and all updates. It didn't "click" in when I put it in the GPS, but I don't know if that's how these cards work, or if that's the GPS. As such, it's a hassle to get out, but I don't plan on removing it often anyway. I just got my new memory card for my Samsung Galaxy Admire and I'm so excited. I can't wait to take more pictures of my nieces and nephews and baby cousin! Thanks for 2 day shipping! :) I am uncertain whether the Problem is user error, but neither the computer nor the Garmin GPS could detect that the memory card was inserted. Inexpensive and not worth asking for a replacement. Great product. Great price, Works perfectly. Shipped and received in a timely manner. No complains and i especially love that it comes with the SD Adaptor I trust Kingston products because they work an work well I bought this and it works like a champ. Kingston is a good brand as i did buy other things from them in the past. Use for music, ebooks and pics for my traveling laptop. Very handy.when I'm on the road visiting my family members Stores all my music and works very well and I am very happy with my purchase. Might buy another one. Purchased a new camera. Needed a memory card to store photos. Works great. Shipped as stated. Have not filled card yet, but figure I probably will Very bad product ! I buy this product for my samsung galaxy s3 but it's not working any more, I restart the phone and it's keep saying you have to format the SD card. My suggestion is not buy Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB. Thanks God ! I use drop box which have back up the data from my phone. Waste of money simple hate it ! I ordered 2 of these bad boys, works great better then going to Walmart and spending 40 dollers, really good price and shipped realy realy fast :D Purchased this as a replacement for my Galaxy S2. Old card was getting read errors due to it being too 'fast' for the phone. This class 4 card works like a champ and no longer mounts/unmounts at random (which was killing my battery life). Thks is a standard sd card , sd card sdcard sd card sd card 6 more words 5 more words 4 more word etc... I am using this product with an eReader. It is used to store pictures and works as expected to store and display photos. I bought this for my sister's phone because it kept telling her it was slow on memory. I am not sure if it was this card or her phone but they didn't want to be compatible for a while I ended up having to factory restore her phone settings for this memory card to work. Nevertheless after doing that it has worked perfectly since then. Just a hassle in the beginning for us. I've using it for over 2 weeks and is working as it should, no issues at all and the data transfer rate is constant. I cannot give this product an awful rating, as it is most likely that this particular card was defective, but would hope for better quality. The SD card worked great in my phone (Samsung Galaxy S3). I mainly used it for music, but it could hold a movie if I wanted to watch one. However, after about three or four months, I woke up to a notification saying that the SD card was being removed and re-inserted. I tried it in my computer and it could not find any media when I attempted to repartition it, so I can confirm that it was definitely the SD card that is defective. I am somewhat disappointed, but at the same time you get what you pay for - one cannot expect much from a $7 SD card. Nevertheless, when purchasing a replacement, I will be cautious and may choose a more popular brand. it's great, great price, great memory size, and and different brand I used n it works great. thanks you :-) I had a misunderstanding this item is A ok with no problems.and is running fine on my tablet. which took the micro. There's not much to say about a memory card. It either works as it should, or doesn't! With the lifetime warranty and Amazon's amazing prices, how could you go wrong? Excellent product, fast, easy to use, and very cute, great gift for valentine day, recommended for everyone, thank you for the product. It will work for what I bought it for so its OK. If you need more space by the 64 mb It's just a memory card. It does what it's suposta' do... How tough can it be? I have others and they do a good job too. Still, I'm happy with this one. I loved this product. It met all my expectations as I can now take pictures from my phone. Also has a great price! Not much to say, other than it works just as it should. Great storage space for the price. I would absolutely recommend to anyone. i put this in my phone and it works perfectly nothing wrong with this product at all..BUY BUY BUY.. definitly worth it i use this for my cell phone the factory only gives you about 2gb i need more memory thanks alot i know people say that the speed is slow because it's a class 4, but for my smartphone (gs3), it works perfectly fine. no issues, no complaints. Needed a memory card for my cheap Trac phone. This fits the bill nicely and is inexpensive. Recommend this product. I basically just use this for my GPS, and it's working as it's suppose to. Didn't expect anything grand. As long as it was functioning properly, its a 5 star for me. There is a point where memory cards don't really matter. Decent price and easy to format for Samsung Galaxy S4 Bought this for my gps and once I install this card into my GPS, it is not detecting. I am not sure portion is with GPS or memory card. Place this microsd card on my new cell phone and it works perfect, is compatible with the phone and no problems. Caracas-Venezuela For my purposes, an SD card is a card is a card. Satisfies my needs which is to play music in my car through a reader. This card is great, works well, helps me store a lot of my pictures and videos. Definitely will recommend it to others to buy I purchased this to use specifically with ReadyBoost which I just found out about, I can't believe I didn't know about this sooner. Not all SD's are compatible but it doubled my RAM speed on my laptop and my Desktop. Both computers are maxed out at 8gb ram and this uses 4gb of space on the SD. If you have an intel processor and low RAM this will make you think you have a new machine. BTW if you aren't utilizing your express card, do it. I have only tested it out once, and it worked with no problem. I will be using it for extra memory in my GPS. The seller was Amazon. I paid 21 bucks. I'm using this card in a camera...the camera manufacturer recommended a class 4 card for videos. It came formatted. It fit my camera just fine. It comes with a lifetime warranty. Visit the Kingston Technology website to learn more about the warranty (click on Support, Warranty Information, Duration of Warranty). 8gb micro sd for under $10 can't go wrong. Got it in 2 days plugged it in worked without ant problems. Hey... It's a microSD card and it works as advertised. I'm using it in my Garmin GPS receiver and no problems. Price is low,quality is high. We like to use Kingston brand Flash memory and U flash driver. I have purchased these types in Amazon. Everything is working great. Simple and fast!It transferred a GB in just seconds. I would recommend this to family and friends and I would definitely buy this again if needed. This worked for a few months and then all of a sudden my cell phone wouldn't read info on it nor did my computer.. I will not be purchasing this brand again. My Android tablet is using this card and it works very well. Get one, you will love it and the price is really right. I didn't need a Momory card with a large memory, found this one at a great price. It works Great. Easy to use, cheap. Works nicely with my phone and now I have a lot of space for all my stuff I bought these in order to load music onto our smart phones ~ you can put a huge amount of music on 16 gigs of memory, and still take pictures and videos like memory is free, which, for all intents and purposes, it is! Hooray!! More music!! More picture!! Got this to augment the internal memory in my GPS. 4G is actually overkill but this was a sweet spot price and enough capacity if I want to use it for my camera or other portable devices. Excellent quality, good speed. They work in my Panasonic Lumix FZ-28 very well. For the price, I should have gotten more! There is no requirement to install, it serves its purpose which is to store data. I got it for my phone to store my apps on and it works fine. I bought this card for use in a new cell phone. it works fine for that and I've had no issues. I'd not hesitate to buy another if needed. I just use this drive to save pics, vids, and sound bites from my phone to my comp, but I really like it. Does a great job and has solid construction. It works well with the camera. It arrives just on time. This was exactly what I wanted and needed. Thanks a lot!!! Nothing special - just a good value (at the time of purchase) from one of the industry leaders. Recomended for ordinary user (cell phone, camera etc). Transfer rates not as fast as some other (more expensive) products. I installed this Memory Card. And never had any problems with it. Been using it and it seems to work fast and great. i would recommend buying this rather then the more expansive one. it will work the same as the more expansive one. dont waist money on other ones. This is good enough for everyday use. Pics and videos and other. It works great. After formatting, it holds slightly less than 16 GB, but that is true of any data storage device after formatting. You can't go wrong with this brand of products. It's not great but is okay for camera pictures. It records at a slow rate, something I didn't think of when looking to flash cards. It's okay for the price. I wouldn't give it 5 stars because there's always room for improvement. I liked the packaging and everything and it displayed the right amount of storage. A lot of ppl said they didn't get the memory that was advertised but I did. Yes I probably would recommend it :) I saw these in the stores for around $100 so when we got this one for around $20 we were excited. It came on time and so far have had no problems.... I am going to buy 3 more because it is such a great price.... It just works and the price-point is right on. No issues with the quality of this product. Three more words. There's really not much to say about this. It works as advertised and the price was great. If you need a Class 4 Micro SD card, this one will do the job. Came packaged like displayed. Works just fine. Easy to understand instructions. A taco would have been better but I needed the memory chip more. Haven't had any problems with them. I Got these for my Friend as storage capacity for his ROMs on his GSIII. It reads fine and transfers and all that good stuff. good price Both the adapter and the memory cards worked great. I happened to purchase 7 of these cards for a vacation and I put 5 out of the 7 through extensive use. All media turned out the way it should. works very well no problems with this item pricing was very good as well would recommend to friends awesome product I guess you get what you pay for. I used it one time and it no longer works. I suggested getting a better quality card if you plan to get more use out of it. I buy 2 of this for my smart phones. They both perform flawlessly. One minor issue is one micro card is hard to be removed from the adapter Came as expected and works just fine and happy with the cost....so small, just be careful not to lose it!! Love the fact that I got the same quality as a store bought item but for a cheaper price. Perfect size for my tablet plus it comes with the adapter. So happy I got it here. If you're looking to save more pictures or music this is definitely what you need. I did run out of "space" so I had to replace it with a 16GB but its really good. I bought this card for my tablet and it works like a charm. If you are looking for a 16GB microSD card then stop looking and bought this product. It was a very simple product to add to my phone and get working immediately. It's a memory card - if your phone supports it, this is a great price from a reliable manufacturer. I immediately had the same or more memory capacity as an iPhone for a fraction of the price (I was replacing a 2GB that came with the phone). Works great- there are no problems with the mini to regular size adapter. It holds plenty, and I have never had a problem. After having it for 2 months I had to buy a new one because it said that it was corrupted , the same thing happened with my husbands This is a great flash card in that it is interchangeable if you need to use only the micro or expand to the larger size. I bought it for an Olympus digital camera, but have also been able to use it in my son's cell phone, and in my MP3 player. It really spead up the tablet, is a shame the tablet does not support a bigger one. a 64 would be excelent, specially at the time to watch videos or movies. Hasn't failed yet. Recommended by Tascam for the Tascam DR-05, which is why I bought this particular one. You could get better value for money if you don't need precisely this one. This is a very good product because I need a SD card for 3DS and this has a lot of space at low cost. Great Product Put these in a game cam, no idea how many pictures this will hold... I am guessing a whole bunch!!! this product is great couldnt been happier until i got it i would totally tell friends about this cause it did what it said it would My hubby and I both got these memory cards and they work well. Good price. No problems in the 2 months we have been using them. I bought this memory card to use in my Tascam DR-07 MKII recorder and it has lots of room for storage, great bargain! Either you can love it if it works, or hate it if it doesn't. This worked well, packaging was sound. All is good. excellent Ultra-portable and multifunctional  Use the microSD or microSDHC card alone for plenty of removable storage for music, games, ring tones, photos, movies and other applications on mobile phones.  Capture photos from your digital camera by making the microSD or microSDHC a full-size SD card with the adapter and then view images with SD-enabled readers or USB drives, digital photo frames or on your TVs SD slot.  Quickly and easily save files on a notebook computer with a full-size SD slot when the SD adapter is used with the microSD or microSDHC card. Store your entire mobile life  photos, songs, text messages, video clips and personal information on your microSD or microSDHC card, then work with it across device platforms seamlessly with the versatile Kingston Multi-Kit/Mobility Kit at your fingertips. This a nice and solid card. I don't have use for the adapter but it is nice to have just in case. Gets the job done, no problems. I used mine in a Sega Genesis flash cartridge and I didn't even have to format it. Copied my roms and that was it. Very useful for storing and transferring data, pictures and other files. Works great in my Garmin ! I'm sure I'll find many more uses. fit right in my Garmin GPS and has enough memory space to download maps. HIghly recomended for anyone looking for external memory devices Come'on Don't think too much, you can't go wrong with price and product, I also like the frustration free packaging option by Amazon and Kingston.....Buy it..... This 16 GB flash card has great memory for my phone at a very low price... well worth the price. I have yet to have any issues with Kingston and their products. In fact I have yet to have any issues with SD/microSD. The only thing I could hope for is eventually the transfer rates on these devices speeds up filling up 64gb at 15mb/s-30mb/s can get a little long. That is the way it is though until something better comes out I use this on my go phone. Haven't had problems with the product. It works to store extra songs and images on my GO phone. what more can i say? good priced memory card with lots of space and without the hassle of dealing with sales people at the electronics store fortunately, I read some negative reviews abt this and was mindful to order it or choose another product...finally, I gave it a shot and so far so good...it is working nicely and has 32 GB...no issues ...:) I have tried Kingston and didnt have any problems with those, so I am happy to try this one as well. Pretty good, fast enough, but my phone didn't want to store message on this micro sd. it has no problem. You should definitely buy this product if you are looking for a good quality, high storage space SD card. The shipping is fast and the product is at the best price I could ever find online. The product work very well in my phone and lets me store a bunch for photos and videos! You should definitely buy this product! I'll never fill this card. I think I can take about 3,000 pictures before it would be filled. Have absolutely no problem with it. Good price, too. This is great! I don't think you can go wrong with kingston. I use it for my camera and to pass pics to my laptop with the adapter. I haven't had any issues. It appears to be working fine and I have no complaints. I would buy it again. In spite of Samsung's popularity I prefer this one and it holds a lot of stuff. Use it in a portable dvd player for a child and it fits tons of you tube videos and a couple of full length movies. I usually go for bigger storage for my own use, but this is perfect. I have the same one in my phone. I added this to my order as I needed a small cheap microSD to add routes to my Garmin. Can't say much other than it works. No read/write speed issues when using it with the GPS unit so I can't comment on speeds. EXCELENTE. I purchased two of the 16 GB MicroSDHC flash cards - one for my camera and one for my Sansa Mp3 player. The camera uses the larger card, the Mp3 player uses the smaller. Both have been used for a few weeks now, and both have performed perfectly. The sale price made this a real steal. Gotta like having room to record stuff. Good memory card. What can I say, it's a memory card and it works fine. Works great what a deal rather than getting it at the store,i saved 15 to 20 bucks.......i love it..great deal. I have encountered no difficulties or problems and it works seamlessly in the wand scanner that it was purchased for. This product was fantastic and i would highly recommend this buyer to other people as well as their products they are great. Kingston puts out another good product. Many other manufacturers make these but this unit works great and has a good price point. Just the right amount of storage for not much money. I don't do much on my phone, so I just needed a little something to put my music and pics on. It's good and the price is reasonable especially that I needed another one for a friend and I ended up paying 30 bucks for a similar one! This microSDHC memory access speed is super fast, and the brand is one of the most sought after in the market. excellent article, I have just what I expected, thanks I bought it as expanded storage for my Nokia Lumia 810. Worked great out of the box. No formatting or anything else needed. Just plug-and-play. Been working well so far I've grown somewhat fond of Kingston over the past three years. The routinely by far the cheapest supplier. This card was no exception, coming in much cheaper than some other brands I was looking at. However don't expect any kind of frills; all you will get is the memory card and the SD adapter. You will not get any kind of solid storage case. As I've often found with Kingston, the memory seems slower than other brands. Considering what I'm using it for, a camera and possibly a tablet, maybe a cell phone, I really have no need to blazing fast speed. This card should work sufficiently and I'm quite happy. Just a note, you're probably better off purchasing directly from Amazon. When it comes to flash memory and even some hard disks there's a very high rate of counterfeit materials. If you see a deal that's too good to be true, it usually is and you could end up with a faulty card you can't get data off of. Its a Class 4, flash card. need i say more? I go through these things like crazy. Phone, Tablet, Laptop, PC, Camera. It is what it is. very reliable SD card, this is my second time to buy two of them. no problem at all, I like it Order this micro SD because the 4GB SD card on my phone got full and there was no more room on my phone. Worked great and the SD adapter came in handy since my phone adapter isn't working for some reason. works great............love it so much space for my galaxy s3 yea me happy happy joy joy, needed more words to post... I bought it for my camera and once I used it the space was great I love it nice lil memory card is a product of very good quality, brand and price. I recommend it to all people who are in search of something. Besides, it is very nice, I loved it. This item arrived quickly and worked exactly as expected. I bought 2 and will be buying more at a later date. At under $1 / GB of storage, it's a deal you can't beat! Thanks for sending a TRUE Kingston Flash card. It has been a great card. The product arrived in a well protected package and works very well. Thanks. I'm not a tech whiz so I honestly don't know what makes this product superior than others. But I've been using it for 2 months and it has been storing my pictures well with no problem. The Storage Is amazing and works perfect with my smart phone and laptop. This price is unbeatable well worth it. High speed, perfect to work in my tablet or my cellphone. Recomend to use in some devices that support 32gb Simple and in expensive an met my needs for adding data to my GPS, what else could you want from a memory flash He sent me a class 10, not a class 4 but its still a great purchase. Great card and it works fine. Thanks! ;) Got a used Droid Incredible 2 by HTC on eBay so it didn't come with SD card - realized this when I went to take a picture and it wouldn't let me. Got the 16 GB, popped off the phone back, stuck in the phone while the phone was on (press it in deep - it basically disappears - if you've never done this before), the phone said "preparing SD card" for about 2 sec, and then I was good to go. I don't use much space so I hope I don't regret not going for the smallest size. does what it says. Worked in the phone, the adapter worked on my PC so files could easily be copied from phone to PC without transfer cables and e-mailing. Not sure what there is to say about this, it works, it was good value,The End... I Can recommend it! Have had no issues so far with storing on the micro sd and transferring via its sister adapter to my laptop. Needed more memory for my tablet and it works great... I liked the fact that the item was not expensive..... Works great, the added adapter is very useful. Definitely glad I made this purchase. Arctic banana porcupine fritzglibbin' honk honk. I'm sure this will work for decades without falter (I have a kingston memory stick that's at least 6 years old and it's fine still). The price was great for what I needed and the adapter was a bonus becuase I didn't need it. I think I'm going to buy another memory card for travel this summer! Great piece of equipment Have used it everyday for the last month. Would not trade it for anything. Reliable storage. Pros: It stores a bunch of data. It's only like 75 cents per GB. Cons: It's terrible for washing dishes. Doesn't taste very good. Not very nutritious. Nice price for an 8GB microSD. It works fine for my purposes, and I'd buy another should I need one. This is absolutely perfect. I am so glad that I found this. Works will all of my devices. Very easy to use I needed an extra card for my GPS - The Kingston 8GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card fit my needs perfectly. The flash card is works great with my cell phone and the other one with my Garmin. They perform exactly the way they should. The second you buy a new Garmin, you need a Micro SD card for map updates. This is a good choice. It is OK. Purchased for smart phone. Have little used it so far. Fits slot in phone and the camera sees it. It does the job. Everyone that buys it wishes they spent 10 bucks more for the 32 gb class 10. Save your money and buy the other. More memory is always good. I just forgot what I wrote...oh yeah...more memory is always good. not loaded with junk work great fast and no problems with my droid x2 problem with ups was a tick off I purchased this flash card for use with my digital camera and it works like a charm! Great product at a great price! The SD card is still good, but the adaptor came apart at the seam after being used only a few times and the reader would not read the SD card in the adaptor. I was buying an unlocked phone recently that didn't have an included microSD card, so I decided to get a new one. My local WalMart had a small selection of 2 and 4 Gigabyte cards going for 15 to 20 dollars. Amazon had this awesome price on the 8 GB card, so I bought 2. By the way, If you're like me and have a large internal memory already on your device get the 8 Gig card, it's the perfect middle ground. the product is excelent, good quality , durable and fast transfer data, i recomeend to may friends and every one else, i would buy again! No problems this far. Got then for my kids and thru love the ability to store music n such on them. Not the cheapest, but it does its job. I haven't used it yet but it came in new packaging and looks pretty decent. everything on the order was great,on time,niceand i likee it! and i don't want to type to much am just happy and thats it! get the job done at a very good price, fast and easy to install, try it and enjoy your saving For the price this is a great product works great in my Atrix 2 and my laptop wish the transfer rate was a little quicker but overall very happy with it! Great price and service, was amazed at the price and the amount of time that it came. Always seem to have what I need at a good price. This is just what I needed, I love it and I love that it came with an adapter. Top brand company, with great quality items!!! This is exactly what I wanted and it works great. I store music on it. I have a little sanyo music player and I switch micro sds for different types of music. Excellent, I love it. Thank you very much. It works very good and price was very good.. Excellent, I love it. Thank you very much. It works very good and price was very good.. Excellent, I love it. Thank you very much. It works very good and price was very good.. Good product. Pretty straightforward and works just fine. The adapter is helpful since my computer doesn't have a micro slot. Great price for 16GB MicroSHDC Flash Card and SD Adapter. Use this for a 7" HP digital picture frame. Had numerous GB's of photo's wanted to view at work, frame card slot only accomodates a SHDC card. Needed substantial capacity for number of pictures available. Easy plug and play card. Purchase second (great price) for future Samsung S 3 smart phone pics and data. Very convenient card.I use this to store mp3`s on my portable Bluetooth mini speaker. This will hold over 1000 songs with no problem. These were exactly what I needed and at a very reasonable price. Now my only fear is losing the tiny cards. They are very small... like fingernail size. Love the flash card. Would recommend to all. I always buy Kingston products when I can. Always give five stars. Functional for my use, no problems. Great deal. It is easy to remove and transfer content to my computer when needed. But I had one fail. I have had dozens of MMSC cards, hard drives etc. and have never had a failure. This item stopped working in a Samsung Galaxy 3. I was backed up so no loss of date. Kingston quickly honored the warranty and shipped out a free replacement. This expanded my cell phone so much I can put a lot of apps on and and don't slow it down. Thinking about getting a bigger one next. Works great This is a great item....really made my phone work much faster! I moved from a 2 gb card to this, moved most my apps to the card, and my phone is working like it was brand new again! I've been buying Kingston storage devices for quite a while now and have yet to experience a bad unit. They are very competitively priced and they work flawlessly. Absolutely recommend Kingston! inexpensive class 4 16GB card bought for mp3 player, here a Sansa Clip+ Works as advertised, and the 3rd of this model I've purchased over time. None of the three have ever failed, nor has any other Kingston storage product, primary or secondary. I purchased this product for my tablet, so far it's been working perfectly fine I have had no problems or issues with it. Gives you exactly 16 GB, and basically does the trick does exactly what it's intended to do. I'm loving my new Kingston card! Got it for my new mini camcorder and it workd perfect! Got 2 hours of extra memory for video and photos. About what 8 GB provides. So I'm very happy with it. The Micro SD card conveniently fits inside of the primary SD card, so you can transfer it to your computer with ease. Or simply use a 2.0 USB SD card reader and transfer to your PC or MAC that way. Overall, a great purchase in my opinion! I bought this for my 10 year old son because he is an electronics fanatic. He loves having his own card to store music, pictures, and games. I needed extra storage on my phone for my MP3's and this item does the trick and was easy to install. Got two of these for my new Rokus. They work great and the price is certainly right. No need for the more expensive ones in this case. I'm very happy with this purchase, is really what I was looking for. I highly recommend this product thanks. cool Thank you.. The product is came inn.. The product was just as it was described. I am very happy with this product.. Thank You. I am happy with the price I paid for this product. It came in the mail very quickly. It was worth the money. The card arrived very quickly (a few days prior to the estimate provided on amazon.com), and in an easy to open package as well! This card served as an upgrade from my previous 8 GB Kingston MicroSDHC card; which works perfectly, I just needed more space. Data read/write is extremely quick, and suits my needs perfectly! I would highly recommend this MicroSDHC card to anyone that wants an upgrade or needs just needs a card, 10/10! Does the job. added it to my phone and it works. I keep all my music on it. Kingston is a good brand. I plugged it into my new roku 3 ... It is working correctly and it was under 7 $ ... great product! its a kingston gb what could possibly go wrong with it lol. i put my micro sd card in my phone. MANY COMPUTERS HAVE THIS CARD READER IN THE COMPUTER CASING. MANY SMALL SPY CAMREAS AND CELL PHONES ETC. USE MICRO CARDS. THIS IS VERY USE FULL. The Kingston sixteen Gig micro SDHC flash card and Sd adapter are great because one fits in the other so its easy to put info on both. I am replacing my old small capacity micro SD that came with my virgin mobile. it functions very well. and the phone was able to read it all with any problems. i was surprised to see how cheep 32 GB was. it works great and definitly holds all my music. i would highly recommend this. Kingston has always been the leader in memory. 32 gigs for a very good price. Highly recommend this for anyone. the service was great, the Sd adaptor is working as it should. I will buy this brand again. The price is real reasonable. Thank You Ray So far so good so I have to give a positive review. Hopefully it will last better than some of my previous cards which go bad. It does what it does. Nice not to have to fight with packaging. Good value vs. box stores. Savings worth having to wait a few days. I bought this for my cell and i had samsung before it worked great, now i only use it on my tablet, samsung tab, works fine there as well. That's right people I bought an SD card from amazon and now I'm using it and I can honestly say it works. The End actually,there is not much to say ,i get what i want,it's cheap and works well,i'm gonna take a lot of pics with it . Had to have it to upgrade maps on my GPS and it's working fine. Would buy again when I need more. The price was right so I got some for my android phone. Sometimes getting it online save you the trip of going to the store and getting what you need.... Got what I needed and I didn't have to leave the house.... Works exactly as advertised, used for smartphone backup. Works well, recognized by the device instantly. what more could you ask for. Recommend this micro card, I purchased them from Kingston in the past and never had a failure or the card not being recognized. Purchased a 32 gig at the same time, exact same results. Great product, works, all you can ask for. literally broke while I was holding it in my hands. This thing was so ill made and delicate that it crushed in my fingers. High quality. Excellent speed and data transfer either direct or through the provided adapter. You get what you pay for. I really liked these memory cards. Great price and fast free shipping would reccomend these to everyone.They were described just like it was supposed to be The adapter works perfectly. The tablet itself has had no issues in more then a month now. I have no complaints. I would order from this company again. They provided quick, efficient service, and the product was exactly as advertised. After getting a bad 64gig San Disk card, I wanted a different manufacturer's name on my next card. This was it... I just put all my baby's movies, he can now watch them in our tablet when we are in a long trip. Common sd card. Enjoy Kingston products and this one has not failed me. For a class 4 this works as expected, no amazing miracle with a class 10 write speed. For the price I got a deal and would purchase again, this was used for an older phone and used to store music and a spare few photos. Has the write speed expected of a class 4, love Kingston and would buy their higher end products but I already own a UHS-1 MicroSDXC 64gb Samsung Card. Sincerely, iSklcndykid It is a Memory Card and it works. What else can you say? I have to use seven more words? Allows me to transfer files to my tablet; exactly what I got it for. Will not submit until six more words are written, here they are, plus some. I like the adapter that comes with it; I can review it with the built-in reader on my laptop. One more word was required... I used this to successfully root a Barnes & Noble Nook Color, and encountered no problems doing so through the whole process. The Class 4 ranking doesn't seem to yield any noticeable delay. I bought two 8 GB versions for a 32 GB Surface RT and 64 GB Surface Pro to offload their restore partitions in order to regain the space that is traditionally reserved for that partition. Microsoft suggests that you use a USB drive to do this, but it really just needs something that can be mounted as a different drive. Unfortunately, the Surface RT did not allow either microSDHC to be loaded with the restore partition. I'm not really sure why that is (perhaps a bug in Windows RT or perhaps they have an oddly strict requirement of truly being a USB drive), but they both worked in the Surface Pro. The reason that I gave it three stars was not because they did not work in the Surface RT, but rather because they were the slowest SD cards that I have ever used. It works for something that I hope to not have to use very frequently, but I would not buy this again due to how slow it is (feels slower than what I expected from a Class 4 card). What can I say, it's a memory chip. It fits the product I wanted it to, and holds a decent amount of memory. What can you say about a memory card? It holds the files I need it to hold. Three more words. NO problems with purchase got what i asked for . . . . . . . . . . . Came quick in the mail and works properly in my Samsung Galaxy S3, Kingston products always gets the job done. No problems with this. It seems to work as it should, and it looks like it is an regular, not fake, memory card. Kingston MicroSDHC is the best for the money, it performance in such an outstanding form, that is hard to believe the price tag many costing twice as much are not even close to there performance, for more than 10 years Ive been buying them for my cell phones I have from 2 GB to 32 GB , and even the old ones perform as new 10 years after, they are built to perform and last for the lowest price, just read their reviews, simply the best deal available. Not a whole lot to say, plugged the card into my phone and it's worked perfectly since. 8 GB on a media smaller than my thumbnail, delivered to your door for a little over $6? The future rules. Had to buy memory for my Garmin Nuvi (why they don't bother to design/build in sufficient memory is another issue). it has done exactly what it supposed to do. Prime got it here in 2 days and I got it installed so I could upgrade the maps. Works fantastic. I use this for my Dsi XL for pictures and such. I would recommend purchasing this microSD card. Bought many products prom this company and wouldn't hesitate to buy again! Works well with our devices and no problems foreseen! It does what it is supposed to do. and its a great price. no need to spend an extra 30 bucks on something with a familier name. its reliable and works as it should. it was packed safely and shipped very fast. i would buy from this supplier and company again without a second thought. Very good mini SD card. Great value for the money. I use this in my tablet and it works as advertised Love this thing. I have one for my printer, I have one for my laptop. I've bought two and would buy more as needed. arrived early with my other items i had ordered. works great, havent had any issues yet been using it for awhile now with encryption and heavy read/write task. Bought it to put in my Samsung Galaxy S3. Had music on it for months then all of a sudden, all of my music disappeared. Removed card, formatted again, replaced music and all of a sudden today, phone won't recognize it. Checked the card in 5 other devices, reformatted, and all of them, say "mount SD card."Could just be a fluke as I usually have no problem with Kingston products, but now that it is too late to send it back...I am out some $$$. Get more video with this in your contour roam. I can get about 1hr more footy with this vs. the stock 2gb card Adapter helps in using this with Cameras and inserting directly into notebook PC's. The SD card is flexible for use with smart phones as well, I like this product. this card provides multiple applications for computer fies, camera, Gps, etc. It also has an adapter for a larger insert window. I bought a camera, yes here on Amazon, that takes this tiny little micro chip. I hadn't really heard anything about such a chip until that purchase... so I researched the reviews here on Amazon and chose this one. Super easy to use as long as you don't misplace the adapter! Without that I would have to hook my camera to my laptop so this adapter is da bomb! I like it!! Worked great in my Nuvi GPS 1350LMT. Would definitely recommend this memory. I have bought several of these cards for my navigation devices. 2 card for one price! Really good! It's convenient, fast, and cheap!! I will be shopping here again! Keep up the good work! Good brand, good quality, and also a decent price, you should give it a try, fast shipments and well protected No issues with this product. Great deal and did not have to wait for the Sunday news paper. LOL LOL It's nice and came with a micro adapter too. It took awhile for me to receive it though. I guess because it came from out of the country. Worked perfectly for my husbands cell phone. Now he can store so much more of his favorite music. Very pleased with purchase. I come from a 4gb sandisk class 2 sd card which still works but i needed more storage and didnt want to spend 30 - 40 dollars on a sd card which im only gonna use with my new blackberry z10. Everything works fine and without problems and the price is just right i recommend this product if you need a little bit more storage. I'll update my review if anything happens its a flash card no prob with this co....... ... . . . . . . . . . . 32 GB that can fit on the end of my finger, I am amazed, what else can I say, where will it all end Item was as described. I was a bit concerned after seeing alot of reviews on counterfiet memory cards but mine was recieved promptly & fast works as it should & is correct storage capacity. came in manufacturers packaging so I know if I have a problem with it it will be covered by manufacturer. A great deal & as always with Amazon fast shipping. No problems or complaints. Extremely satisfied. This works great and is being used in my cell phone where only the micro SD will fit. The micro card and adapter work fine. It works. I have never purchased a Kingston product that has let me down. Quality is good. Adapter is a bonus. My phone's SD card was damaged and I needed a new one, and this was cheap AND it came with an adapter. This 8GB Storage is just what I was expecting. Works great for my purpose and will be easy to store. so far I haven't had any issue. I bought this for my HTC thunderbolt. It works fine. Just insert the card and it just works excelente precio, muy bien embalado , es justo lo que promocionan, llego en muy buenas condiciones a mi pais Chile Have used other Kingston Digital products and just like them this microSDHC works perfect. Bought it for my Asus 10.1 tablet just in case I used up my on board 16g quickly, until proven wrong I will continue to use this companies products since I cannot find anything negative to report. Easily read by my computer and tablet with an abundance of space available I truly have no problem telling others to buy without any qualms. worked great, the only thing I could find to transfer images from my old euro phone since the drivers for cables are no longer available Kingston is a very dependable quality name in computer hardware. The price for this excellent. I needed a Micro flash card but also needed an adapter so I could download photos on the card to my computer and to my Roku. Knowing they ar absolutely compatible and made my the manufacturer together gives me piece of mind knowing it is highly unlikely I will have a problem with them. The price on Amazon is great. I will be ordering the 32GB next. Definitely would recommend for those who need Micro mid size card with adapter. Purchased for use in the wife's new gps as the on board storage was insufficient for the last north amercan update. I was concerned about the potential for a counterfeit card so I verified authenticity via the Kingston site. The card verified OK and worked well in the Garmin Nuvi. Very pleased with both, the price and the fast shipping... Very glad I did not try and fulfill my immediate gratification and pay for another, overpriced, retail micro-SD card, (i.e., Kingston 8GB @ 12.99). But instead waited 5 to 7 days for a micro-SD card, with 3x the memory capacity, while saving MUCHO DINERO... Good product I owned other Kingston product never had problem with them this work really good hope it stay like that. I like that I can use this product in both my cell phone and camera, and easily transfer the photos to my computer. I have a small flip phone and needed more storage. This worked perfect. It was easy to install and had plenty of storage for what I'm doing. They held up their end of the bargain. It was shipped and arrived early and in the conditioned described Out-the-box new!! This little SD card is perfect. Who wants to pay more? It works just fine, it's cheap, and shipping is free. Stop looking! Just get it. No problems so far. The card is for my phone and I have not had any problems with it. I got it for a really good price, so keep an eye out. Kingston make great product. I purchase this for my son smart phone and it suits the purpose extremely well. He can now store music and movies on the card instead of his phone. Immediately upon installing this new micro SD into my smartphone, and being one who has entirely too many unused SD-stored apps installed and bogging down their smartphone processes and resources, what I noticed was that my phone speed was magically boosted - which was much appreciated. Essentially doing so "uninstalled" un-used apps in one fell swoop and these apps ceased from using resources and processes - left were only orphaned icons and possibly other resource files left in main on-phone storage (which I believe I have deleted most of). The memory boost and the large capacity, 32 Gigs of memory (which may actually be the capacity of micro SD that my phone can actually handle) -- has provided me with lots of much-needed memory to store music and audio books -- this purchase was VERY WELL worth it! Also item was deliver in just a few days - much quicker than expected. :-)))) Thank you! Works fine in my mp3 player. Speed isn't an issue, meaning I didn't really care, just loaded up with music and plugged into my Sansa Clip Zip.. The included adapter is a plus, even if you already have one. bought it for my wife's galaxy S3 worked great plug and play. great price for a 32gb card, I highly recommend it. It is a very good memory flash card, very usefull for phones, I really like it and the price is good Item works as it should, no problems so far. What drew me to this item was the price. I would recommend. works fine in my Android phone but when I try to put it in my Mac (OS X Lion) it only works as a read-only device. I moved everything from the old MircoSD card (2GB) to a folder on my Mac just fine, but now can't get it out of purgatory and onto the card, thus onto the phone. Poopy. I bought this memory card for my cellphone, and I have space for my videos, music and now I can take pictures wherever I am. Kingston have never disappointed me. Very good. I have a D80 nikon and a small 16 megapixels camera, both work amazing with the memory and it does very good performance. I am very satisfied with my recent purchase of the SD card. Its a good investment. It expands the use of my tablet. Kingston has always made excellent memory products for a decent price. The picture and description don't tell you what you are getting for your money. What looks like a standard size SD card, is actually an adapter you can put the micro SD card into so it can be read in the newer computers or USB Card Reader device. This is very handy when editing video, files, etc. I have since switched to the Micro SD to use as ID and Information tags on my pets, especially one cat in particular that wanders off for a month at a time. The SD card will fit on his tag, but the micro SD will fit on the collar itself. As far as quality, it appears to work just as well as the larger version. I bought this card for my 3ds it's a really great value i have had no problems so far! And unlike other cards I've tried the adapter actually works. Kind of flimsy, and one side of it slightly cracked, so just be wary of that. It does do the job though, and is cheap enough. I bought this to use in a new digital camera. So far I have no problems! Since my computer has an SD card reader, I just pop the little one into the big one, stick it into the computer, and bam--photos are uploaded. Really simple to use. It's good It was the thing I was looking for my Phone to stored all my music and pictures and the most important stuff. Sin demoras en el envo. El producto lleg en impecable estado. Desde que lo adquir (ya transcurrieron 2 meses) funciona sin inconveniente alguno, y lo utilizo diariamente como memoria micro SD de mi tablet. Muy buen producto. Ok, I gotta admit having this itty bitty flash card that can store 16GB is incredible! I mean, it's so small that you can easily lose it if you're not paying attention. I've had it for over 2 months and been using it daily and so far so good. It does write slowly so be patient when transferring files-other than that, it works great! I'm able to store over 4 full movies or a couple of tv series in HD, pictures and music with me when traveling so it has been a godsend. It has freed up valuable space on my limited 16GB Nexus 7 tablet! Great memory card for at a great price. Couldnt be happier with my purchase. Would buy this item again if needed. good memory for your money...i haven't had any problems with it. This memory replaces a 32Gb from the same brand that it was damanged after 6months of use...let's see if this one lasts longer. Exactly what i was looking for!! Worked as advertised, and what a great price! I recommend to anyone looking for a flash card! You would be hard pressed to beat this product. IT WORKS AND SPACIOUS. I LIKE THAT IT BRINGS BOTH. AWESOME/ CANT ASK FOR MORE. I HAVE LOTS OF SONGS AND PICTURES Not much to be said about a microSD card. It works. These are the other eight words required for submission. It worked right away. Great Love it I was very satisfied with the quality of the product and how fast it got here. Tested it out worked, worked in a number of different devices (Media player, Tab) --- I just ordered another one! I bought this for my GPS, as my memory was full Delivery was on time, I got the product on time what i needed. It is working fins without any issues. Thanks This little memory card came in frustration free packaging which was easy to open. It works like any other memory card you have used. Its an amazing little thing that has helped add memory to such a little thing, and has given my daughter pleasure so she can add photos and music to her tablet The adapter works great and so does the Micro sd card. it has a flawless connection to my computer. JUST A NOTE All HC cards will not work with standerd card readers unless the reader says it can support HC cards. Is working perfect for me base on the purpose I bought it for. Is very easy to access any file you install in the card Works great in my Evo 4G and the included adapter allows me to use it in places where I do not have a micro sd card reader This micro sd is exactly what I needed for my phone. I loved the price I payed for it as well. Not much to say, other than its doing what its suppose to do. I purchased this to expand my memory on my Garmin GPS. So far, so good. It works like it should work. Packaged nicely and I love that it came with an adapter. Can't really ask for much else. I bought this for my daughter's player and it's perfect! Works great, fit's good. It's interchangeable with so many things I have so it's a great buy for a great price. My SD card just stopped working in my smart phone and I needed a replacement fast. This solved my problem. needed it for my Samsung Galaxy Xcover to lower more applications excellent very fast memory storage 100 % Positive Thanks !! The micro SD cards are working good. We are using in smart cell phones and these are from Kingston so should last long. I bought this to increase the storage of my Acer Iconia Tab A110-07g08u 7-Inch 8 GB Tablet (Gray). I can now carry my entire library of music and more. Kingston = quality at a good price. I'm not sure what the different is with class 4 and class 10, but I just watched a .avi movie off this card on a tablet and it worked great! I wanted to be able to read the information on my Micro SD card that is in my Motorola Cell phone. I removed the card from my cell phone and slid it into the Kingston adapter. Next I installed the Kingston adapter into the SD slot on my Sony Vaio PC. I was able to read all the contents of the SD card and downloaded the portion that i wanted to store on my PC such as the contact list. Everything worked flawlessly and with ease. Very nice gadget at a very nice price. i use this for my samsung s g 3 and it works fantastic, I have no bad things to say about it After I reformatted it for Mac PowerPC it accepted and transferred a photo folder without a whimper. Will see how long it lasts. Increased the capacity of our tablet easily. Now I have the 4gb that came with the Le Pan S as a spare. hasnt given me any trouble...i have been purchasing kingston sd cards all the time and have never gotten any issue with them I'm a novice at storage devices in cameras and phones, but this addition was easy to use. I take the picture with my phone, stick the micro chip in the adaptor and the adaptor in my computer almost instantly you have the pictures on your computer and able to do anything you wish. I personally wanted to send them to family and friends. The chip provides more than enough space for what I need. Now, I take more pictures. HTC Sensation 4G - Initially selected for the cheap price, never used Kingston products before, however I am pleasantly surprised. The card came way faster than anticipated and functions flawlessly :-) Does what you need it to do and holds a load of information. The best price I could find anywhere. I have more space to put stuff on my phone but it came wit an extra cop I didn't need received this LESS THAN 24 HOURS!!!! I am amazed at how fast they ship! Ordered this last night and by noon it's at my door! Very nice for the price and works nicely with my samsung camera!!! No much to say about. It is an micro SD card but as Kingston card, this has an excellent quality. Does what it says.i have never been disappointed in Kingston products. This is a quality product that does the job Thank you for making this item available at a reasonable price. Out of the plastic protective container and into the device! works how its suppose to the adapter is sturdy and really good lookin foward to using it . . . No issues. No problems. Shipped really fast in its original packaging. I'm currently using it in my Galaxy S3. I'm sure I will have plenty of space for a while. this product i like it this wonderful and special thank you for this product i buy more in other day awsome price, just as good as the $40 ones at other places plus comes with the adapter, would definitely recommended Bought a couple of these to use in my Garmin GPSs, one needed the adapter, the other just the chip, works flawlessly. Shipping was promised for 4/2, shipment arrived on 3/30. There's nothing really to review other than the fact that it works and it works well. I use this with my contour camera and it works great. I've used it multiple times. I bought this to use in my Galaxy tablet and love it! this was a great deal and I plan on ordering more in the future They work and work well! Great read and write speeds, especially for their price range! That's all I have to say! Super fast and in perfect conditions. :) :) :). I'm happy with this. Super recomended! . . . . . I put this car into my Blackberry and it was recognized and stores all my photos, videos, etc. Good quality item. I purchased this 16G card directly from Amazon (not another seller). It arrived safely. It worked perfectly. The only problem I have had with it is that it is so tiny - but I guess you can't make a large MicroSD card. :-) Actually, I am using it in a dashboard camera, and the videos are coming out very clear with no problem, so I can only assume it is working well. It transferred quickly and easily to my computer at an expected speed. It is nice to have the adapter, but in order to keep from dropping it, I am using the cord that came with the camera to transfer the data. This keeps me from having to handle the card. No problems ... works as expected. nice. buen producto. de mucho uso. satisfecho con lacompra y la entrega. recomiendo. gracias. compro desde venezuela. todo muy bien This card performed perfectly. Never had problems with Kingston. I would but from this merchant again, and I would buy Kingston again. Purchased for a smartphone. Have not measured the speed, but seems to be about what you would expect for Class 4. At these prices, it would be tough to complain much. I got this 16GB product for my lg venice cell phone and it's perfect. Never have I tried the Kingston brand, but they sure get a 5 star as far as I'm concerned. I recommend this product to anyone too. I also need to say " I LOVE AMAZON!" You order anything and its at your door before you realize. They are wonderful and trustworthy. Why spend more money, when you can shop here for less? Thanks Amazon! This is a pretty easy 5 star for me, Kingston is a decent brand, and sells in most major retail stores. It arrived a day early so that was another plus along with that I payed half price from what i would have at the store. An article of top quality and utility.... An article of top quality and utility... and easy to use with quality materials for life and 100% recommended ... I purchased this for my daughter's MP3 player and it works perfectly! I filled it with her favorite music. THANKS It works. I have always liked kingston products so i thought this wouldnt let me down. its great for my galaxy s3 Nice product, received on time and every thing was excellent. Will recommend to every one. I really appreciate the good service. every thing it reports to be. with the adapter it's good to have around for my Droid, my Nikon or my video. Can't go wrong for the price, even if you give it to someone that wants pix and they forget to return, no big loss. I have 2 of them, both of them are working absolutely fine after a few weeks. I got them to add memory to my kids tablets. Very good price. Have used Kingston products before with no problem. Have not put this on in the Roku yet-but do not anticipate any problems. Would use this seller again. It was the best for my phone and i get a lot of pictures in one package compare to having two packs. it feels so good to easily get a 16GB SD card for $10... WOW... i actually thought it would be fake, but it LEGIT...good bargain. tNx No problems. Use it on my Tenvis IPRobot 3 IP Camera. Recording 720p video. Nice to come with adapter. Thumbs up. This memory card was purchased to use in my ROKU. I installed it and assume that it is doing what it is supposed to do. Product is great. It allows me to store hundreds of songs on my cell phone to enjoy. It was a great deal... based on comparisons I saw in retail stores. I would definitely recommend this product to others. I ordered this with a Sansa MP3 player and had it shipped to my foster son, the 16gb micro sd card is missing from the package. I've tried but cannot figure out how to contact someone to resolve this issue. UPDATE: Thanks to Kingston I was able to figure out how to contact Amazon and get the problem resolved. They quickly sent out a replacement to my foster son with 1 day shipping! This is the cheapest deal for a 16 G flash card with adapter. Everything is in good condition when I received this product. Such a good deal. First of all, it was at a great price and shipping was fast. I used on my GoPro Hero 3 camera and it was flawless. Bought this thing a few days ago, arrived fairly quickly and I didn't open it for a few days. Then, when I need to use it it works a bit but at one point it got stuck in read only mode. I couldn't get it out of it no matter what I tried. When it did work it worked very well. Not much to offer here other than I've always been pleased with every Kingston product I own. I've never had a failure and will continue to buy their products. a Great product at a Fair Price. No Complaints Everything OK... it works good and it was shipped on time so i'm very satisfied with this staff i purchased Love it. Ample memory storage for my cell phone. Works very nicely on anything you need it for. Excellent product. I had another microSDHC card and it was not recognized by my Samsung phone. This worked perfectly and at a fraction of the cost from the store. I bought 3 cards and all have worked perfectly with no issues. Primary use is to store music files for MP3 headphones. Sorry I do not speak English, I'm from Venezuela Excellent service. I got the perfect purchase. Easy and fast purchase the place rental Bought this for my Raspberry Pi's; haven't used them yet, but couldn't beat the price! I would suggest doing the same I like movies and hate to burn them. so I chose to use these in a USB adapter for my TV and they work very good. I can get between 10 and 15 movies on this. I have 5 of these and I am running out of room for movies already, I need more. lol I bought this because my ex was coming in from Mexico and his phone wouldn't work. I purchased a phone for him, but it didn't have much internal memory - and I knew he would want to take a lot of photos. The MicroSD card worked well for storing his photos and allowed him to readily transfer them to the computer using the included adapter. So far it has endured the wrath of Hector... he was last here about seven months ago, and it's still working. These are good cards. They came exactly as described and work as intended. I purchased these having never had problems with Kingston products and these are no exception. They are class 4 as labeled, so they're not blazing fast... but that's clearly listed in the product description! Good value, good card! No gimmicks, fast processing and delivery. I got exactly what I ordered and it worked perfectly in my Panasonic FZ100 camera. The picture shown and the product delivered are a perfect match. Reliable as usual. No problems so far. Got here fast, formatted it and put it into my tablet right away. Working great. I bought this to use in my camera so that I can take more pictures. Great product well worth the money! Bought these for our two cameras (yes, we still use cameras...8mpxl and 10mpxl) for our vacation. Received in a few days. Left for overseas. Sixteen days later, with pics of the Great Wall and more, had used less than half the available space. Lots of room, no problems. Recommended. You cant beat the price for this little memory card. I used it in my Samsung Galaxy Tablet and it fit it just perfectly. Get it while you can, I'm almost tempted to buy an extra one but i don't think i will run out of memory anytime soon. Folks, it is a memory card. Nothing is 100% reliable, but to be fair, the only time I had what I thought was a problem with a card Kingston send me a replacement (for free) right away. For that service alone, they get all my business. Maybe I've been lucky, but I never have had a card fail on me. For a while now, I've always bought and used Sandisk SD cards rather than Kingston ones, but after reading all of the good reviews for Kingston's SD cards, I decided to try them out. I bought 2 of these, (16GB) one for me and one for a friend, as he just got a new Galaxy phone and needed an SD card with a lot of space. It works great on his phone, as he can store all kinds of files on it, and mine works fine as a storage device for all my games. The SD card does seem to be rather average on transfer speed, but then again I'm not too judgmental on speed, due to the fact that I look for reliability and storage space the most. I am now a fan of Kingston and its products, and will definitely buy more whenever the time comes. does what it's suppose to price was right and worked great with my motorola atrex hd. ca fit a lot of pic songs and a movie or 2 Extra memory is always nice and there isn't really a BEST memory stick but the price made it a BEST buy. I think that it's an excellent price for the memory card... love it cause was an excellent buy and i recommended Was able to put 6 albums on my MP3 player and I haven't finished yet. Hey, if a 65 year old woman can program this, anyone can. I bought this card to put in my older Garmin GPS that is limited on memory. It couldn't take the new updates so I got this card and put the update on it and it works very good. If you have any older GPS I highly recommend this setup. i was a little problem with this product but was solutioned inmediatly and the product was received for the destinatary person Loaded it in Wife's GPS and it worked fine on the first try. Price included shipping costs and were a great buy. What you'd expect for a microSDHC plus it comes with a handy adaptor all at a decent price. I like it. Works great for my Cell Phone. Need more room to support tunes and photos. Fast read/write. It does what it is supposed to do and that works for me. nothing really to say about the Card. it's just a card and works well. nothing else is required from it. muy buen producto, econmico, de calidad se recomienda dentro de la comunidad vendedor responsable y alta mente recomendado . muchas grasias this memory only has 14.6 GB of usable storage. didnt like that, and it should be specified on the box I bought this MICRO SD mini card for my Frame and does it work great. You should buy one. Can't say enough about it! 8GB space for pics is enough for me. I have had zero problems with it. How does one write a review on something that either works or does not... It works...I did not expect it not to... Great price and fast shipping, works exactly as one would expect. Now that I'm looking at buying a DSLR, I wish I would have gone for 32Gb, but at this price I guess I'll just buy another. I didn't realize I would need one of these to make the camera on my phone work, so I appreciated the low price and timely delivery. This is an excellent product - I'm very satisfied - I'm very satisfied - I'm very satisfied - I'm very satisfied This SD was perfect for my new smart phone. Allows me to download all the apps I want, move them over to the microSD memory and not worry about running out of space. Also able to hold all of my music. The Micro card works just fine without any issues so far. I would recommend to others also. I will purchase again for my other phone if needed since this one worked fine. Works perfectly and it is a good price for this item. One tip, 8 GBs holds a lot of music, in most cases 4GBs may be sufficient. But, the quality of this item is 100%. very good space and for the price, I feel I got a very good deal. Now I will he looking for a 32 for anither device. Amazing amount of room. Lightning fast shipping!!!!!! Thanks for including the adapter. Love the fact that this can be used in my phone or camera, and it has so much room.! I was looking for memory for my cell but I did not want to pay a lot. This worked out great and works well so far Arrived ahead of schedule and was packed very well. Worked excellently in the 2 phones we installed them in for extended capacity for MP-3 and photo use. Well, we might all know Kingston. This is a very good product and it is very cheap compared with the prices you'll pay at any other electronic store. (Like best buy or even Target). Totally recommended Ordered several of these over the years and never have any issues with Kingston. Only real issue I have is my fingers are sometimes too fat to handle the mini-card at times, but thats an issue with my hands, not the product. I would, and more than likely, order more of these as time goes on. Llego a tiempo tarjeta SD lo recomiendo me sirvio para mi samsung Ace S5830 comprara otra con mas capacidad 100% recomendado IT's a 16 GB Class 4 Mini SD, what more can you say? Class 4 and above are necessary for video saving. The price was good , It was in good shape looked bran new . I would Diffidently recommend Amozon.com Thanks great price! exactly what we needed and works perfect. will order on again if we need to as well. thanks! Just what I wanted and at a reasonable price as well. The adapter is an added benefit that I appreciate. Excellent product. It was as described and worked perfectly when I used it and I had no problems. Also it arrived on time. Kingston 8 GB micro SDHC worked as expected. Nothing different than any other memory chip to mention. This memory chip was used to operate an MP3/ Alarm clock. The shipment of my memory chip came in 5 days which was fine with me. The price was excellent than if I were to shop at WalMart or conventional retail store. When ordered with eligible "FREE Super Saver Shipping" items, I was able to get a great deal. I am very satisfied this far. Thanks Amazon-PINK item was exactly as described I would buy another one once I have enough money to get some more thanks This was the best purchase I have made in a while. My husband and I now have all our music on our cell phones. This is a great product to have. It has lots of storage space and its easy to use. I would recommend this product to anyone. perfect tool with my cameras when I bike ride. Love it very much, will continue using it, but I just bought a 32GB version and like it even better. The plastic quality is a little sub-par for the micro sd card and its adapter. They work just fine, it just feels and looks a little cheap. I bought 2 for use with a portable audio recorder, and it has worked just great so far. great price for more memory. Used for camera and for a machine that scans my slides into memory. Kingston is always a good brand. gave my computer a virus and wiped my whole phone as well i do not like it at all garbage I like it because I have more space and better quality photos and videos since I can store more number buenos dias todo llego en excelente estado un producto de buena calidad fue entregado a tiempo con las caracteristicas solicitadas Piece of crap! Don't even waste your money getting this. It worked great at first on my S3 and after a little over a month (1 week past the return date) I could not even access the pictures I stored. FYI, I only have less than 50 pictures and no other videos or music in this sd card. Next destination for this thing... the trash can. I suspect that there may not be much difference between manufactures on these,- except for the price... That being said, the device works fine in my wife's phone for pictures and music and it was delivered as advertised at a low price. I would buy again if I needed another one. Received memory card on time and in new condition. I put the micro into the macro and slipped into slot in my computer. Nothing. My nearly new Dell desktop did not recognize this Kingston 8. No instructions come with this unit. I was very pleased with the purchase. The price of the item was the best that I have found for a 16 GB flash card. I am very pleased. A cheap 8gb card! And it works! Use it in my car dash video camera. Reads fast on the computer. This is an authentic flash card from a good brand. The transfer speed isn't great, but the price is. For my use (in a phone) it's perfect. i havent opened it as yet... but so far it looks good, new, well packages. Cant wait to throw out my 4gb and start using this one I needed micro sd card and went to Office Depot. Cheapest one I could get from there was 4GB w/o adapter at $15. You can get it from Amazon at half price unless you need it right away. Apparently I live in LA and this was shipped from Las Vegas, which took me only a day. I purchased this for use with my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Tablet. I did not have any issues for file transfers on the device itself. However, the problem started when I used it to transfer some files (books mainly) from my PC to read on the tablet. File transfer on my PC would show that the files have been copied onto the card, and I did confirm the files were on the card. However, when I put the card back it in my tablet, the card would not show any files. This happened repeatedly. I had no issues with an 8GB San Disk or a 32 GB Transcend microSD cards that I have. I have used SD cards from Kingston previously without any issue. This was probably a lemon (happens) and I ended up returning it. Came just as promised and I did not have any problems using it for storage on my mini PC. Packaging is minimal which I appreciate and the included adapter worked well in my PC. Recommend. This is a great price for a micro sd card . I use it in my roku device for extra memory and it does great its a great product and exactly what is described in the ad. I would recommend to anyone looking for one. Great for storing any photos or music. I'm using this for a cell phone, so I find it perfect for that. Happy that I was able to purchase SD cards to enable me to store more data for the new Smartphones that I recently purchased. I bought this to use in my Raspberry Pi, and it is the recommended type for the Pi. It worked for the first week or so, then it got corrupted. Great price & necessary for this Tablet to perform well. It is not necessary to add 10 more words. Just buy it. JUST WHAT I EXPECTED. I WAS A BIT AFRAID THAT IT MIGHT BE DEFECTIVE BECAUSE OF THE PRICE, BUT IT WORKS GREAT Need some extra memory for my Nook. Kingston pulls through with this little gem at a terrific price. Will definitely be picking up a few more... Put it on my Nikon camera and detected and works fine no I have more space and it's faster charging the images and reviewing. excellent price for this product This is a Kingston 8 GB microSD card and that is exactly what you get. I have no clue what they want me to write a review on! oooh lets see, oh it worked great in my cellphone. I would recommend this for anything that you need a 8 GB microSD for. It's okay, they look ok I am not sure yet if works well because my mom's is who use it arrived quickly and was as advertised. I would purchase again, and recommend this product to a friend. The adapter works great. I use this card on my tablet. Kingston is a realiable brand. I never go wrong picking Kingston products. This 16GB MicroSDHC SD card works good as expected. Great price to start with. Enjoyed my micro-SD card, Music and files load fast. Transferring files was no problem. Adapter worked quiet well. i love this little thing especialy the sd converter. it works it really works thanks a bunch holla holla just bought this for a couple of dollas. The item arrived super fast and what i like more is that it is cheap , i was in need of a bigger memory This memory card works exactly as it is supposed to, and that's worth five stars to me. It comes well packaged and has a nice SD adapter for those of us using card readers. What more could you want? Love this product. Quick transfers, easy to use. I've had many Kingston products and they always meet my expectations, this one does so as well! I've had memory cards and usb drives accidentally washed in the machine. They have always worked even after going through that and the dryer! Won't ever buy another brand! I bought a tablet that has only a slot for a micro SD and not the regular size SD chips.. So I can't edit or upload my pictures into my tablet.. only my computer.. which is at home.. so to get the best of both worlds.. I got this thing.. It works just fine. No problems.. but i don't really use it much to know for sure.. But to this date.. It works. I recommend it. Flash memory is so inexpensive nowadays. This was a good purchase and would recommend it to anyone. I have no complaints. I got this in the mail thinking that it would work with my macbook pro. I tried it and it does not work. After, i tried to use it with my Windows 7 computer, still does not work. I noticed it's a lot lighter than my other sd cards i have. I'm not sure about this, but i think it might be a Fake sd card i bought. I use this for saving data and other files on my android tablet. It came as pictured and works as expected. (Though, I didn't put it through performance tests like other members.) funcionan muy bien las recomiendo . . . . . . . i love it i love it v bv GREAT MEMORIES AND LARGE AND LIFETIME WARRANTY, KINGSTON AND CORSAIR MY FAVORITE BRANDS MEMORIES AS A MEANS, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .,. Worked for about a month, now everything is gone. As everyone else is saying must be a damn good fake, except for the quality of the SD card itself. Not much to say but that it works as advertised. No complaints at this time will update if any should arrive. Trust mi dont buy this, i shouldve read the reviews an now im stuck with a broken sd card.. dont get ripped off product was on works well no problems with it early I keep all my ebooks on it and switch it between my tablets to read them i like my sd and im glad that it came with the adapter, but the only thing is that right after i placed the order after i got confirmation i saw the suggested items at the bottom of the page and found a samsung branded set for less than what i paid for this item but unfortunately couldnt cancel the order based upon the time frame that i needed it by, i am satisfied but i am always looking for the best deal possible. This product is excellent, delivery was flawless and now I can have a lot of media fies on my phone. I highly recommend this Kingston Micro SD card Exactly as adverised and expected. Not much to be surpised about. Good value for memory storage. Arrived on time by mail This is a memory card. It stores things very effectively, and the price is right, so I really have nothing to complain about. I tossed it into my handheld GPS unit, and it seems to be functioning at the expected level. Huzzah! for a low price what more could you ask for. Easily installed in tablet and how nice is it to have extra memory for apps This product works great for adding additional storage to my tablet. I can also use it to transfer bigger files to my phone. I bought this flash memory to hold an alternate operating system that I can use in the card reader of my computer. Works great. Have never had a problem with kingston memory products, have been using them for years to store photos and have not had one failure Load it up with photos, music, and backup your phonebook, ringtones, audio, sounds, graphics and whatever else you keep in your phone. It works great! Works perfect! This product is exactly up to expectations. Very nice and absolutely reliable. No problem using and it is useful. I ordered this micro sd card for my phone and hooked it up to the computer. Everything worked fine and the data was transferred to my card and worked on my phone. I hooked it up a second time to add more items to the card but the computer would not detect there was a card inserted. I tried to put it in several cameras in hopes I could transfer the data through there but both different name brand cameras said "No Card Inserted" I finally decided to switch the adapter card. I put my 8 gb micro sd card into a SANDISK adapter and everything worked fine. This could be because of kingston's loose fit adapter cards or simply poor quality, but one thing is for SURE. DO NOT GET THIS PRODUCT IT DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY! What can you say about a SD card. I meant to order a Class 10, but this works for me! It is not going into a very trying use so this should work! I first used it to store a bootable "jailbreak" version of Android for my Nook; now I am using it in my phone. It has not given me any troubles. this micro sd card for laptops pcs, cellphones, tablets, cameras is super dooper fast! the brand kignston has always been the best and with this micro sd card,.. the file size.. the speed.. and the price.. im very impressed and i do tend to buy more of em! ive never been ashamed of kingston! id reccomend anyone to buy from this company! they are my number favorite! the lock on the side is awesome... and very effective.. loading files back and forth are very awesome and fast.. this card loads a little bit slower on laptops because it has to rely on an adapter but its maximum performace is for smaller devices and file transfering.. it makes the best way to universalize your files or even hide documents or videos on your phone.. the quality of this micro sd card is very very good quality! its not cheap made material! kingstons been out a long time and they was one of the 1st companys to start the flash drive micro sd card domino effect and in my opinion they not just number one.. but i believe they are the leading company that can offer you a cheaper deal for better stronger quality that will last a long time! The GPS required an extra space so it could receive update. After checking the website of the GPS company for their offers I found this one much cheaper and although it was not entirely clear if it would work in the GPS it did. Spared a lot of money. Picked up a 16 gig card for only 10 bucks. You simply can not beat that price! And from a reputable company, not a strange, no-name brand. This card works perfect in my Sansa Clip Zip media player. If you need some cheap memory expansion for your phone or media player or whatever, you aren't going to beat this price! Memory card microSDHC Class 10 from the company Transcend has excellent performance. Fully compatible with SD 3.0 Standards Compatible class 10 Easy handling, operation mode plug-and-play Correcting code (ECC) to detect and correct errors in the transmission of information The possibility of in-system programming (ISP) for updating firmware Support auto standby, power-off mode and sleep mode Mechanical write protection switch Compliant with RoHS Included - Adapter this product works as it was intended and shows high quality construction. It takes data fast and it is easy to manage. it comes with the addapter that allows you tu use it on other devices We ordered 6 of these. 3 met the advertised speeds, three did not. Be sure to run a speed test on this card when you receive it. I feel like the duds may have been of a lower quality, or perhaps even worse... It holds a lot of the apps that I downloaded to my Dragon Touch Tablet it also has over 4gig in music on it with this memory card and the memory on the dragon touch it has 16gigs. you cant go wrong. works great and now i have a lots of space.if you need memory this is a great deal for the price. super fast shipping. Its a genuine Kingston Micro SD card with an adaptor. Bought it from Amazon to make sure it wasnt a china fake. Filled it up with movies tested the last 4 gb on it, no corruption, and it was the full 8gb Moral of the story. BUY FROM AMAZON they're usually the best dont buy the cheapest they;re usually the worst Nice uSD card. It works well as per its specifications. I have always seen that kingston products are good. Liked Thanks Kingston, I love your plug and play sd cards, I never have a problem with them. I pop in my computer and transfer my files and then pop it into my phone and wham bam thank you sam, I have tunes in my phone. Worked a treat for my tablet computer and certainly extended the original storage allowing me to store a ton of books music and video on it for later viewing with no lag at all things move to and from the card lightening fast. This card works. It holds data but it is so very slow I cannot believe it is really class 4. For a phone it might be fine but for a tablet or games it is terrible! Update: While it worked very sluggish in my Nook HD for some reason after formatting it in the device twice it ran just fine in my vizio tablet. What the cause was Im not sure. I know some motherboards just don't like a particular type of memory in them. Maybe some devices are the same way with sd cards? Not sure what the issue was but I just swapped the cards from my Nook hd and my V-tab and they are both working well. Anyway as you can see from the other comment Kingstons customer service is exceptional even when you don't contact them! That's definitely a plus!!! very good product and a good price. it's just what I needed. I arrive in the stipulated time. I recommend it because it is really good recomiendo el producto, es excelente, les lo que esperaba. llego en el tiempo pautado. lo recomiendo. el empaque es como se ve. Having several cellphones and other small electronics that use micro SD cards, this makes it easy to copy/transfer files between out computers and the electronics. Have purchased this card for my GPS so I can add different things to it. I haven't had any problems with it whatsoever as the Kingston is quite the reliable brand. The adapter makes it nice to add or view things on my computer or card reader. Pricing was excellent also. is exactly what I ordered, lightweight, comfortable, affordable, great, I'm happy with the model, practice, it's amazing, is 8 gb Worked great for my blackberry and htc phones. I've never had an issue with kingston products. Good speed and never had an issue with reading files or saving. got the micro sdhc within the specified time period. i'm happy that i got to use it on my Nokia phone that requires high sd card memory. thanks guys, i will place my order in your company again in the near future. So easy to keep track of the content for a phone or for other devices. 8GB of simple storage for all your micro needs. Does exactly as intended. Received in perfect condition and ready to go. Fit just right into my phone and has worked without fail. I received the product in excellent conditions and on time as expected. It was a really good service. I recommend them! It shipped quickly and was in perfect condition. I enjoy using it in my phone and I was very pleased with how cheap it was for such a big memory card! This MicroSD card works well. We have used it in a Lumix DMC-TS2 and it is fast!!! Pictures and video are great and after a couple years it is till going strong. Lasted about 5 months in my Galaxy SIII, then locked up. It still reads, but slowly and intermittently, in both my phone and my PC. This is about the easiest review I have written. The card works perfectly and all that was needed was to put it in the device!! That is all. Item came sooner than expected, which is awesome!!,GREAT Product! Installed and works perfectly in my new Lumia 820 Windows 8 Phone, was able to transfer phone photo's and video's to the micro SD card with no problems what so ever.... This micro-sd is so nice. Because of the fast writing speed, I get better picture quality using the same camera on my phone. I will definitely recommend it to a friend. The added bonus of a card converter makes it possible to plug it directly to my laptop for data transfer. Works perfectly with my phone! I am able to download whatever I want and put them on the memory card without worry that it will take up too much space on my phone Exactly what I was looking for for more than half the price. needed it bought it as cheap- problem packaged with tablet when web site said separate packaging so that an issue I chose this rating because the flash card was exactly what i needed for my phone to store personal music, pics, and extra apps. I like that the order was delivered on time as promised. I would recommend this item to someone because you may not have the funds to purchase it from reg. store outlets because it is over-priced. bought this item for a great price,really reliable product in the past so I knew I couldnt go wrong,love it! Cost effective and very happy with this product...highly recommend! The ease of shopping at home is awesome! Do it!! Yes Easy to use with the Transcend P5 9-in-1 USB 2.0 Flash Memory Card Reader TS-RDP5K. Used in my Android tablet & copied files to & from PC. Plugs in and works as it should. Great size for my boys phones and at a great price would buy again from this company. Came on time. Good Price! For It's Quality! And Works Very Well With My Computer And MP3 Players, And Even My Smart Phone ! I love the idea of having an extra micro Memory card for my camera. It is nice to have a backup when storage gets low. Although this is gift to a family memeber, I have bought a 32gb before and you gonna love it! Love Amazon on its cool prices! Will recommended this to anyone. if you looking for a cheap micro sd card for you phone or camera this works perfect. i haven't had a prob with mine I bought these to ship with phones that I sell. For the price, you can't go wrong. I have several of these that I use personally and they do a fine job in all the phones I have used them in. Worked fine until recently. Now it does not work at all. Cannot be read by any device. You would think that it would last longer than 5 months. This was my first Kingston SD card purchase and I am happy with its performance. It transferred (read/write) files very well without a glitch. The speed was reasonable for class 4 card and it works perfectly for my purposes...Used as an external mp3 file source for my mp3 player as well as used to copy and transfer files from different computers and other devices. I received the retail (manufacturer) packaged product from Amazon and feel confident as to its authenticity. I have read there have been some fraudulent cards issued, even right here on Amazon. If you suspect any spurious product received, you can verify your SD card with h2testw (from softpedia) or call Kingston with your SD card (product) ID/serial number. Brand new! Came in Excellent Condition! I Like, that it has one for the Camera and One for my phone, and Is Very good in Price Range. I Recommend on this product from this person Fast Shipping! And as well, Great Service! Will buy from again soon! Product is as described, but only has 14.6 GB capacity. I don't know if this is normal or not for MicroSD. The issue I had with it is that whatever format/standard they're using, it has a max filesize of something like 4 GB. Kind of disappointing, because many movies won't fit if you're using this for your phone. Otherwise no issues, transfer speed of something like 4.8 MB/s for me. What can you say about a Memory Card? It works and the price was right. Yea! I needed three more words. Shipment was great, got it right on time. Only problem is I still have no idea exactly how to work it I love Kingston when it comes to portable media. This was used in a PSP and it works just great. I will buy this again if I need more. I bought this item because of the broken Memory Card of my phone and this one is cheap. When it arrived, i am so glad that my phone could work again I am using it in my blackberry 8120 with no problem. First i didn t know if it was going to work but until now i have not have any trouble. Kingston is a great brand, I have had no problems until this day, and I have bought round about 12 MicroSD and MicroSDHC an they all work just great. Usually have a fine experience with SanDisk and Kingston. This item is no exception. Once formatted it works great with my phone as extended storage. The adapter is great if I do have to transfer data from the card to another device that requires a standard SD card slot as opposed to a micro, although with USB/wireless connections on so many devices these days, that is less of an issue. Works great with my Droid X2. No issues at all. Just popped into the phone , did a format, phone recognized right away and now has all my movies and music. Great product but i'm biased over Kingston. This works good, as my Kingston products have. I is practical for my needs, and works great in my cell phone and my computer. The product description was accurate and the product came quickly and was a great buy. Great customer service and turn around. I bought a SanDisk Micro 32GB a while back, and it failed weeks later. For the same price, I got this Kingston micro 16GB. Granted, you get less space, but I'd rather have less space for 4 years than more space for 4 weeks. I don't expect my Kingston to die anytime soon. Great product. Works perfect with a hight transfer rate for a class 4. I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for an inexpensive micro SD card Good for phone wii camera dsi and more I love this thing I just it to store just about everything PREO MUITO BOM. MATERIAL E BOM TMB. EXISTE MEMORY CARD COM MAIS MEMORIA A VENDA MAS ATENDE TODAS AS MINHAS NECESSIDADES. MELHOR CUSTO BENEFICIO. OTIMA ESCOLHA. The memory card is great and was happy with the 8GB! It came super quick and is exactly what I needed at a great price. What can you say about Kingston always has and will be an upper end SD card. And was very reasonable price with fast shipping and handling. Would recommend this retailer. There isn't really much to say about this. The card was a good price and works with my camera. I'd recommend it. works just fine. No problem what so ever. Price is good. It appears to be genuine from Kingston and not a fake. Bought this to use in my new touch screen phone to store images of my artwork on my phone. Handy that it fits inside a regular sized SD card so that I can easily put it into my printer (which doesn't accept a micro sized SD card, but DOES accept a regular sized SD card). Works as expected and holds lots of images. I'm happy. this is an excellent deal. I put almost 1,000 songs on it to put into my phone and it only filled it up half way. I am impressed with the quality, speed and size. Memory is pretty generic, but I trust this to be a quality brand, and the price was right. I would recommend. At Christmas after taking several photos my father was amazed how many photos I could take with the mini insert...I pulled it out to show him and gifts were being passed and I lost it to the vacum cleaner! Works as advertised and shipped on time. Perfect product and a really good company too at a great price. Thanx Great product not much i can say but its not the best, not the worst and the cost of the product is cheap so i recommend this Micro SD plus it comes with an adapter which is a plus. This micro SD Card was purchased to go into a Garmin Montana 600 GPS and works just fine even though Garmin only selld 4 GB cards. Great Memory card...Works well in my Coby Kyros Tablet.....The adapter is awesome as it it use to transfer data to the memory card from my computer...then back onto my tablet.... Kingston has always been a name I can rely on and I was happy to find it at such a wonderful price! Love it and of course works as expected!!! Thanks Amazon! it works came new in the package the language on the package wasnt english but what can u do data speaks the same language so its a great micro sd card and micro sd adapter I had this card in a camera and the card is now fried... the card did not last 2 full months Wanted to buy some cheap memory for my GPS device map upgrade. This did the trick and I only paid 5 bucks for it. I was not looking for different class speeds. Works fine. Only gripe would be the amount of plastic these guys waste in packaging. Wish it came in Amazon's frustration free packaging. if you want extra storage this is the product for you it doesn't need a lot of updates and it fits any sd slots Good items for the price I paid for. It performed the task for which I bought for. I might look to keep buying items like this I bought 2 of these one for myself and a friend. It was what we needed at a great price. The only down size was the cost of shipping. The shipping was more in cost than the Micro SD card but other than that works for us. muy bueno me escabto este articulo, le doy las gracias por la eficiencia que tienen, lo voy a recomendar suempre well its what you would expect from a memory card. No faults, and it works fine too. I will recommend its use. these are great for cell phones. i have never had a problem with buying kingston memory and will look at kingston first. it fits right - in holds a lot . easy to put in and take out to lode stuff from computer and put back in tablet This is an update to my previous review, since I received the item on the next day of posting my review, I have to state that the item was a new and very good, used it several times without any problem. Then only initial problem was the delay in receiving the microSD card. Thanks. Product seems to be good so far. I Received what I was expecting and was in new package as it said. I needed a micro card for my phone and didn't want to pay the store prices. I was weary about this but so far it has lived up to expectations. I order this and it came very quickly and was exactly what I wanted and at a very good price.. So far so good and it has not crashed on me or given me a difficult time and thats good. Nice card good price. I has good read write speeds and seems to have held up going through the wash once.. oops.. Tried to download to my cumputor and doesn't show that there is anything on the card. Why? Thank you Sheldon Bochner Works great in my Samsung Focus as said... no problems, no worries would recommend to anyone else with a focus or any other device *thumbs up* I have never been disappointed with Kinston memory cards. Always shop around to find the discounts - even on Amazon. I got the the Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB on time as promised 2-3 days. So far I have no problem with the micro cards other than it's slow (It would be better off spending a little more and spend on a class 10 instead, I think it would be worth the price). I would rate the cards 3 out of 5 stars for prompt service and I got what I paid for. i buy lot of this memos all work fine and are faster i mean are really class 4?? work more faster good price, it works well, installed on Galaxy Tab, works perfect. Kingston is also a well know brand. very satisfied work fine in my cellphone no problem whit it im happy whit this pros: full size sd adapter cons: none Lots of room for photos on the 16GB card. Love it in my new camera. Never have to work about running out of space. Great price on this flash card. Well made, good quality! Low price, high quality product. I bought 3 to use on cellphones. All works well. I don't feel slow speed when load apps. I could only find 8GB or smaller and wanted it larger since I was going on a trip with limited space for my supplies. This worked great The product is too good and best for my mobile and this is one of the best company product around the world Very reliable, functional and trusted memory card. I use it primarily for extra memory for my Garmin GPS, but also have used them for camera memory.... I've got it. it is of good quality and very comfortable, i like it very much, thank you vary much I don't know that my little phone will ever be able to fill this whole card. And for less than $6? You've got to be kidding me! Great product. Works flawlessly. Can't beat the price. Me and daughter both are using the products. No problems with saving stuff! The smaller one is in my camera and the bigger one is in her tablet. works great! comes with adapter, good packaging too it would even be better if come with a small case though. Got this for my phone and it does the job. Now I don't have to worry that all my photos will slow my phone down. Great price too! Android phones need a lot of memory for apps, and this is the answer!! The best of the best sds is kingston These work perfectly fine for cell phones, adapter is a bonus. I like having a few extra of theselaying around for rooting phones so I don't have to erase mine. Great product and great price, I brought two after talking to my best friend and gave him one as a gift. Good performance, reliable, great buy. Have used Kingston memory cards in the past and have no issues with them at. From all accounts the product is woking fine and it is very useful. No problems thus far with the product. It is great for my power pod 360 I do massage and it gives me the option of different music for different clients. Great price and does the job! Got this for my daughter's mobile phone and was looking for something cheap. Fits the bill perfectly. So far no problems at all and the speed seems adequate for what we were looking. We bought 2 of these for my daughters phones so that they can feel free to shoot pics ad videos at will and we've had no complaints thus far. It works very fine with my Samsung Galaxy Tab. Very good price and excellent quality. I truly recommend this product. buenas noches por lo general siempre he comprado la marca kingston, me gusta la gran variedad de producto que presenta en el mercado. I purchased this for my Samsung SIII and it works awesome i've seen these priced at over $100.00 in stores and i got this for under $15 how amazing is that!! And it works great and i received it very quickly! I would recommend this product. I bought it to place in my cell phone so I can back up my picture and videos. Kingston is among the top brands for media storage and this one doesn't disappoint me. In addition, it comes with the adapter which is really cool. I love it. I have about ten pictures on my card right now, so I can't tell if I'm really getting 4 gigs of storage yet, but it's working so far. it works :) it's a flash card, what more do you want my to say??? the adapter is good :) I bought this to upgrade the memory in my phone. The price was right and it works great. I have not had any issues with it. these work awesome great card no problems or campatiblity issues I would rebuy and reconmeend to anyone who wants a great vlaue Works well just like any of its kind at a your local store. I bought this for my boyfriends Phone and it hasn't gotten broken or bent. Satisfied overall I closed the cover to my cell phone and realized that the 16G micro card did not snap in place but it came out and when I closed the cover broke that one in half. Lucky me I had this 8G laying around. so far so good was able to transfer some 3g of songs and videos to the card. no problems with the transfer. What can you say about a memory card? It works or it doesn't work. This one works. No complaints. Kingston makes good products. I needed a micoSDHC for my smart phone. This allows you to use it in your phone and then transfer the info to your PC. excelente vendedor el producto llego en los tiempos establecidos por el vendedor, los materiales de muy buena calidad .... muy bien SDHC as good as any other, It was the lowest price on Amazon at the time. I doubt anybody can see any difference among the brands of flash memory in practical use -- MP3 players and such. Kingston stuff always works, in any event. Sort of a miracle brand. m m m m m m m mkl l ll iooo goooood goood d d d d d d d I like it but the case to it was broken and i all most the memory card. but other that that it was great it came fast I am using this for my new cell phone and it has been more than good : - ) . . . It works it's a good value , i don't know what else i can say , have a wonderful day :-) it looks just fine, fits just fine and works just fine. no complaints here. i liked the price too, not too expensive. It works ok. Good price. Delivered on time. Unfourtunately I do not live in the US, so I need a friend to transport to Europe. I have been using this memory card since December, and it really worked just fine until recently (February). My phone started to not recognize the presence of the card, and apparently the card had gotten damaged and reformatted. I lost all my photos and it took a couple of days for the card to start working again. Now it works as if it were brand new, but I'm still pretty disappointed it got damaged in just two months time. Didn't work for what i needed but worked to expand my tablet memory to hold a couple of movies for my wife. This is class 4 memory card...im just using this card for my samsung s2 to for backup so i dont need high speed memory card just perfect for me for average price Great deal for a 16Gb micro SDHC card. Installed and working in my MP3 player. This arrived in the exact packaging shown and is genuine Kingston. I purchased this to go in my husbands cell phone. This was a great value for the money. I have always been able to trust the Kingston brand. They have never failed me yet! Good product. Works as it should. Needed more memory for an Android phone. This one was a great price with adapter. it came very quick loved that and it works fine in my samsung galaxy s3 also it was a amazing great price I ordered this for my cell and it work's great and it is a good price for the micro sd card. I love the fact that this comes with an adapter. I have been able to switch it back and forth between many applications and it has always fit well and no issues with the contacts after multiplt insertions and retractions. this product is nice and good . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ages ago I started buying "cheap" memory, and there were a few companies I will never buy again, mostly because I found Kingston, they are always reasonable with their pricing and I have only had one card ever fail in the slightest, and it was simply a small amount of corrupted memory that was fixed by formatting the card. I have used other products on the market today for compact storage, these cards are great bang for your buck. That being said, there are better cards with faster speeds, but you will pay for them, in this case you get what you pay for and WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) and that is inexpensive storage with good quality, and an average speed, worthy of a purchase for upgrading cellphone, tablet or MP3 player memory capacity as well as any amateur camera applications! CONS - None Good, cheap memory. There isn't much more to say... Kingston is a good brand (always have good luck with them) and the memory does what it is supposed to. para el uso me parce exelente la compre para mi celular y me ha dado buenos resultados muy buena le doy 4 estrelas bajo precio el envio me salio gratis Using this card for my phone. It works just fine. I have not had any issues with it so far. I've never had a problem with Kingston products, and for the amount of memory, you just can't beat the price. Bought the SDHC flash card from use in a Contour ROAM HD video camera. Works great! The 16 GB was plenty for my use. I bought this card for my mobile phone. Minimal, easy-to-open packaging, Installed with with no issues and came as advertised. Nothing more to say. Works absolutely fine. Its data transfer is considerably good. Deserves 5 starts. The adaptor accompanied is a bonus for this price. I am using this inside my 3DS XL to allow for more games to be installed from the eShop. This card works great! Mario Kart 7 runs perfect, downloads are as quick as the SD card provided with the console, and this gives so much more space for music! Strongly recommended! The adapter allows use in the 3DS/3DS XL, DSi/DSi XL, other consoles, cameras, computer files, and so much more! This micro SD works fine for storage in LePan tablet. No problems so far. It is fast enough at class 4 for my needs. The card is perfect. Have way more space now for my phone. Don't have to be deleting pictures to download new music. Thanks Product arrived on time , it was well packaged. The price was right and product works. one two three four La use en mi celular huawei y esta muyyy buena!! funciona perfectamente y bueno cumple la funcin!! Saludos a todos desde Venezuela!! I would buy this again and again. If I need another Micro SD, or regular memory card, I would purchase this again. Pricing, shipping, and ability can't be beat. Very good price for a Class 4 card. Installed it immediately in Tablet and wow I now have lots of room for my picutures. Very good product and at an excellen price. The delivery was fantastic and the item was as advertised. Most satisfied with this procuct. This product was delivered two days early. packaged well. contents new and not damaged in any way. works well and is compatible with my smart phone. I would recommend this to anyone who needs more memory on their phone for a cheap price. With my previous MicroSD card, I had issues with it working with my TF300T. So far, it has been working fine with alright I/O rates. It's kind of nice for when I want to download something big, or create a nandroid backup and when my internal storage is already full. This was really a good price for the amount of storage. I got several of these for my grand-kids MP3 players. Good deal now they all can have their music. Perfect product for my needs. I can use SD or micro SD in my own way and sufficient enough for my storage requirements. Bought this item for my wand scanner, and it is working fine. Haven't had to use it in any other capacity yet. Todo excelente, la entrega del producto en el tiempo indicado, las condiciones del articulo fueron de acuerdo a la ofertadas. What do you really say about a SD card except that it works and was the cheapest I could find. This SD card works great with my husband and my's tablets. Every bit as good as what you can buy in the store, but cheaper! I would never trust on sale things any more, it was not woking at all even i tried many times on other devices. i They are reliable and acceptable speed class 4 card, buy them to use as secondary storage "distributed". acceptable price, good packaging. Had no problems installing it in my portable scanner. If I needed another one I definitely buy this again. A good deal. not much to say about the Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB but that iI use it in my phone for pictures and music and it works great. looking forward to geting their 16G or the 32G, if and when I need more space. It works ok. it does not give problem in my cell phone. Convenience because it comes with adapter that you can connect to the computer. That's what I really need for my Acer tablet It's huge capacity and I like it comes in 2 pieces which are the Micro card and the Adapter :) It's tremendous buying so cheaply. It works fine. Since several of my friends have asked me to acquire the reference also, since the price is excellent. very good product, came as advertised.. kinda disappointed the price went up but great product. when the price come down i will get some more Not too shabby, needed to have sufficient additional memory for my Garmn updates to maps. Easy to use, install and remove I've ordered 3 of these for our cellphones. 2 Galaxy S3 and 1 Freeform 4. This morning my Galaxy informed me my SD card was corrupt. I hadn't backed up since I got it in Sept '12. My computer won't recognize it either. Was working fine yesterday, no warning. Very disappointed. This is great stuff use it in cell phone and PC and USB adapters!!! move any electronic doc or pic ! It showed up on time and works. That's as much as I care about. The price was right and it was exactly what I needed at the time. i just didn't need it. it was a good product. i have the 4 gb models and they work well, too. It was inexpensive & serves its purpose. It certainly expands the memory of the phone that I purchased at Amazon.com Bought it for a digital camera work as you expect there is no real difference between the manufactures works just fine I ORDERED THIS TO ADD SPACE TO MY GPS, SINCE I COULDN'T DOWNLOAD MAPS FOR NORTH AMERICA. I ONLY HAD ROOM FOR USA. I am considering getting another, at this price and of course it's going to drop as time goes by. But it's really worth the money as of now. And it's a Kingston, not too shabby. I can use this in my Ipad converter and upload my photos into my Ipad, and also my printer. It is a necessity for me! Great price. I purchased one at Best Buy for $20+ and this is the same item at a fraction of the cost. The shipping was quick too. This little kit is pretty good. I DON'T need to worry about the picture size so that I can take and unplug, move and plug. Picked this up for my phone. Plugged right in no problem and works exactly like it should. It was well priced and I am very happy with my purchase. Bought this for my Samsung Exhibit II 4G Smartphone. First tested it on my Vista Home based Compaq Presario F700 laptop and it was compatible. Loaded a lot of MP3 songs and still have room for taking high resolution photos and storing files. Very portable, convienent, easy to read, handle, load and unload. I will order more of them in the future. Thx got these at a good price of about $12, they come with the adapter seen in picture not really much more you can say plenty of space for me for music apps and such. and plus i got it at a great price. thanks. I plan to use this in a sd card reader as a thumb drive backup for all my digital photos. It came in lighting fast and works great! I would definately recommend this product. It was very affordable and it's great. This memory card is was exactly what was needed in our GPS. It came on time, it fits, works, and that's all we had hoped for. My milestone 2 suddenly can't identify the old 4GB kingston microSD card. Surprisingly when I put it into the adapter and plug it into my computer, it works. At that time I already bought a new 8GB one. What can I say It's a perfect memory for my Sony Ericsson phone, when you have a 8MP camera phone you have to have lots of space I strongly recommend this! This works perfectly well in my computer and mp3 player (a Sansa Clip+), and the price of $9 was not a bad deal. this item does what it is supposed to do, it came quickly , and also was a great price . overall it was a good buy MUY BUENO, LO RECOMIENDO, ES TAL COMO LO MUESTRAN EN LA IMAGEN. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . =) . . . . . I don't like how these things tell you they're 8 gigs and you only get like 7.1 gigs of usable space. Can't they create them to be 9.2 gigs so you get the full 8 gigs? Come on guys. Well, that's not the fault of Kingston - it's an industry standard. And technically there's nothing at all wrong with this particular product I bought. But most likely we've all outgrown the 8gb cards by now. But hey if you need an 8gb, this is your product. there isn't really a lot to say about a sd card, it works as it should, use it with products compatible with this generation. good afternoon my order arrived incomplete, please send the memory is the only thing missing for me to complete the order, thanks. Kingston makes a Great product! This 8 gig Micro SD card with SD card adapter works very well in my Samsung smart phone! A+++++ Works. With this card my GPS fits the maps that come with the GPS. You wouldn't think that that would even be an issue, so maybe I should better review the other item. This micro SDcard was exactly what I needed for my new Android phone! I chose the Kingston label because a friend of mine recommended it. This is a great unit. Is exactly what I wanted, and works great. Not a single complaint. Will buy another soon. I got this to replace the card that suddenly "broke" inside of my Nook. So far it works great and the adapter works perfectly in my laptop. Having an android phone without external memory is a disaster. This item came just in time to prevent the disaster from happening. I am grateful. There's not much to say on this: you get a 16GB memory card for a great price. I recommend it. Not bad. just what I need. I would hight recommend . It's a pretty good brand I knew that I wouldn't have any problem. todo salio perfecto, tanto el envio como el paquete recibido, estan esplendidas, la hora de llegada fue la establecida por el vendedor fast shiping, great service. i enjoy have business with you. your stuff and the best service helped me made surprice... I didn't realize you get two little micro memory cards with it. I got it for my droid, works fine. I did not have problems with it being a mismatched adapter as other customers reported. Everything was Kingston and worked as advertised. an excellent memory, allows carry around my music, pictures and documents, perfect for my phone and be able to have my files with me These memory cards work great in my phone and in my tablet. And I appreciate they include the adapter so I can even use them in my camera. No problems with my order. The cards work great and the price was better than anything else I could find. have spent over 2 hours filling out how I rate products that I bought through the last year or so and then you have to have 20 more words in order for me to submit my ratting. This is it. this product was for my daughters cell phone. she wanted something she could listen to music on and this provided her that opportunity on her cell phone This is a great item, thanks for making sure that I got it on time and in perfect conditions, Im so happy with this purchase!! Don't spend your money or time on the cheapie cards. This card is high quality, and maybe a bit more expensive than the cheapies, but is so worth it. I have returned so many cheapie cards, but since I found the Kingston cards, I have never had a problem. Remember, you get what you pay for. These are not that much more. Buy it right the first time, and avoid the headaches of the "hot deals"! I did not receive my 1st order and suspect someone stole it from my mailbox...contacted seller who rapidly resent a replacement to a friends address....It works excellent and just what I needed to expand my new tablet. Now I can add more media files to my tablet and watch them with out my tablet asking for more memory. Its Great super, , these are some of the best i have ever seen, you can't beat the price or the product. i will buy again as they are nice SUPER NICE PRODUCT CAN'T GO WRONG HERE. WANT MORE MEM. GO HERE. GOOD PRICE GOOD PRODUCT FAST SERVICE. GO FOR IT. JP This is a very slow card, at least when using the adapter, but it does the job if you are not in a hurry. I have used it in a few devices and had no problems. This card adequately meets my needs for a great price. The adapter works perfectly well and is ideal for storing a second card when it is not in use. There are no synchronization issues, and it isn't too fragile, either. Completely fulfills my expectations! :) it is very strong and cheap memory card. very good. i bought this and write many songs. but memory are very good Received item as advertised, works great with MP3 player!!! No issues!! Saw some bad reveiws on here, but mine works great!! used in samsung ace, fast data transfers and so far very reliable data saving, handles long video recording, more than an hour I paid for a Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card, and that's exactly what I got. I'm very happy with it's performance, and all was as advertised. Recommended. I bought it for my TomTom Via and had no problems installing and configuring it on the TomTom. It does the job. I got this for my mom and she loves having the extra phone memory for her pictures. She has a pantech phone and just wanted extra storage space for the pictures she takes. todo perfecto, gracias, excelente producto. todo excelente. perfecta toda la operacin, gracias por todo, excelente toda la operacin. todo bien Arrived on time, great price in comparison to other sites, no issues installing or using, will definitely purchase from this seller again Very good card especially for the price. Read times seem to be very fast and I've had no issues with transferring data. I would buy again. This media records very fast. It is also very easy and quick to access. The small size is no trouble to handle and insert in the recording device. This memory card is great for the price if you want to add memory to your phone, camera, or tablet. Using the Kingston Digital Traveler USB flash Drive to save my files and everything I got two Kingston micro sd card for my Black Berry phone. This brand is to be recommended to others. I like it. I purchased this with the intentions of using it with my Raspberry Pi, and I failed to notice this is a Class 4 == slow microsd card. Other than that it works fine with the Raspberry Pi, but makes the everything slow in this use case. Very quick shipping and a very good quality item. I have bought several from amazon, and am always happy with these. Love the no hassle shipping and delivery they offer. Will continue to do business with them in the future. Item was completely as described. on time and very well packaged, keep up the good work....please to anyone reading this ...i assure you that, you will be happy with your package bacuse i did. The price is low. It works reliably and came with an adapter. what can I ask for. I would buy again if i need another. Buenos dias, el dia de hoy me tome la molestia para calificar esta compra, la cual cumplio con los parametros que esperabamos. Quedamos conforme con la compra, gracias. Works great! I couldn't ask for better performance. Was shipped quicker than I expected it might have come. I plan to order this product again. GLB its a memory card it does what memory cards do, it holds that and since i got it i have no complaints :) Bought this to supplement my new Roku video/movie streamer. It came packaged very well and works just like I expected. Transformed the memory storage on my phone.Simple to install.I can now load all my favourite music and games onto my phone and still run all my apps. I love it. It works great and just what I needed. I have had great luck with Kingston products in the past. this is less expensive and works just as well as any card. We are using this in a smart phone with no concerns. i have ordered these before for my cell phones and camera this one is for my tablet. Device had no problem recognizing the card My son needed a microSD for his phone, the price on these has gone down tremendously. 8 gig for less than $6.00 delivered? Do you remember what the prices were a couple of years ago? I am not much of a techie so as far as specifics go, I cannot say. However, it does exactly what I need - hold lots of pictures and apps in my phone! i got what was advertised. my friend uses kingston products and i have never heard any complaints. no issues to report here. I have had it for a year now and I haven't had any read/write problems whatsoever. I use it with my Asus tablet as a movie drive. I am very happy with my purchase. Came right ontime. Works well with my video camera and was much cheaper than the leading brand. Can't beat this for the money. Love it, works like it's supposed to, well packaged, will buy Kingston everytime I need a flash/memory stick. I don't really have a whole lot to say except that it works, and It arrived in a timely manner. Five stars is for, "I love it." I'm not sure anyone really loves a mini SD card, but hey! It works, so I'll love it. I needed this for a music device. I'm happy it came with the adapter in case I need it for another device and that I got it at a great price. Just what I needed. Expanded my Sansa 280 to 16 GB. great price for great quality storage expansion. I like it. This works great, especially for the price. I use it in my samsung galaxy tab and I have not had any issues with it. couldn't be a better deal for not having to leave your house, I would recommend kensington with prime delivery for future purchases in micro Sd cards work out just great to added to my nook. also got one for my new phone, like the extra storage Good to have when space is needed. The investment is worth it when it comes to having more memory space. These are such a good deal and with the adapter they are easy to use! I think for the price you really can't go wrong! I have it in a tablet for ~a year. No drops to the tablet/card. Tablet sees usage of ~3x a week I heard a rumor that the top selling cards were not reliable, loosing data ect . Thank god I have been using Kingston for years . Never had an issue with this brand of flash and or memory cards. I was so excited when I saw it in the mail. Couldnt wait to open it and begin using it. So happy to find everything I need with Amazon. I ordered this flash card for my cell phone to increase its storage capacity. I copied all files from smaller card to this new one using my computer. Everything works great. There was one instance in which my phone failed to read the card, but that had also happened with the original that came with the phone. Overall I am happy with the purchase and would recommend this microSD card to others. I bought three. Two were for the kids' gaming systems and one for wife's mobile phone. They arrived plenty early and there have been no problems with them so far. Overall I (we) are satisfied and I would and would order again. Kingston always makes a good unit. I have been into computers since the very early 70's and have used Kingston stuff a lot over the years. Never had a bad one. Bought this for a Verizon phone. Plugged it in, worked perfectly. Came with a 'full-sized' SD card insert. Kingston has been around so long, I had no questions about quality. This micro SD card came fast and was what was advertised. Bought for my cell phone. Worked immediately - no hassle Got a new phone and needed more memory. This was a great deal for the price and came with the adapter if you don't have a micro slot. its a great product and any person looking to buy one should go this way, it came in a very safe package I love this! I bought an micro sdhc from a store and it cost me 30 without the adapter! very happy with the product :) This product is very well made. It fits all my needs. These are the best I have used. I have never had one problem with these yet. Thank you. This product was great! 8GB for a really low price, outstanding! I can't wait to order another product from this company! it does what it should be have no problem with it you like it and for the price it very very good I ordered 2 of these for my tablet I got at Christmas. They mounted fine and work great for storing movies. At less than $1/GB it is a great deal. It arrived in brand new packaging just as pictured in the photo above. It was brand new in appearance and the packaging seemed sealed. Just like you would buy it in a store. It worked with my Samsung laptop for transferring music and it worked in my 2010 Jetta entertainment system. So I'm happy. Under $12 for a 16GB multi-use miniSD card with adapter. Great! i'm happy with item . seen it at the store for more money . i recommend this price and product Items shipped very quickly, packaged nicely, installed and using in my phone, and work just fine. 4 3 2 1 It shipped on time. Just like what it said. worth the money. suitable for smartphone and tablet. most important - its kingston! Exactly what I needed for my camera. a 32gb flash memory card that works like a charm. Easy to install and easy to use! He calificado cinco estrellas a este producto debido a que me lleg en buenas condiciones sin ningn tipo de novedad al respecto y han cumplido con mis expectativas por eso lo recomendaria a familiares, amigos etc. Gracias The product's form and function are as described in the product description. The one detractor I found was when compared to the other SD card adapters I have is that it feels to be of less weight and quality but works as well as the others. I bought this for my friend's phones great deal and absolutely functional. I bought this for my friend's phones great deal and absolutely functional. Well, it works and it is cheap. It has nothing extraordinary, but it has everythin I need, which totally satisfies me. I could have simply deleted my previous map, but according to Garmin support my GPS model would not have enough room to store comple North American Map. Wrong I did, after I deleted old map. great love the chip it works on my mp3 player put all my songs on it and it played great I needed a micro sd card for my cell phone to store data. Works great, no problems. Stores alot of pictures. My Flash Memory arrived into its box. 100 % Original and in perfects conditions!!! If you want a good memory, you can buy it! Thanks to the seller!!! Well, Basically I got it yesterday, it was great, everything is right, ran tests with h2testw, and the write speed is only 4.5 MB/s. It should be significantly more, but will suffice for use in the button cam I ordered it for. Not one I'd recommend for use with ReadyBoost, or to load your favorite distro onto, but hey, it works, and it's cheap. Great microSD. Had no issues with it to date and use it constantly in my phone. Also comes with a great adapter if you are trying to use it in other electronic products. Would definitely buy again. I bought this for my GPS and i had no problems loading the maps onto it. I habe bought other Kingston products in the past and they have never let me down, always worked no complaints. This a great quality item from kinston. It just works. I use the item in a great little box speaker/fm radio. I put over 800 songs on the memory. I got the flash memory in the alotted time frame Handy adapter, never have had a problem with Kingson memory and that trend continues. Use it in my GPS for extra maps with no issues, it is very reasonable to buy and oprice is very competitive. service is ok compare to others and may consider Item was a good price, as described, and shipped quickly. I would buy this product again if I needed to. I needed a memorycard for my phone, it meets my needs and was very inexpensive :) I am very satisfied with this product! Shopping and purchase was a pleasure. The Ebay sellers are very resourceful. Please ensure you use this valuable shopping option Works just as expected. No problems what-so-ever. Plugged it in, and Will be ordering another 16GB flash card very soon I've used Kingston flash cards for three or four years now, and none of them have failed on me. One of them has been through homelessness, storage shelters, subjected to extreme heat and other harsh environments, but functions just as well as the day I bought it. This particular card is a class 4, which means it will be slower than a class 6 or higher. If you want a faster card, buy a higher class card. I tested this card and got a write speed of 4 and a read speed of 6 - 7, so it is likely legit and not a counterfeit (I'll note that I got mine supplied directly through Amazon, instead of one of the smaller electronics shops that sell through Amazon). I would recommend this card to anyone who wants a budget 32 gig flash card, but I would also make sure I was buying it directly from Amazon. by george this little chippy thinger just remembers everything I send to it, and then to top it all off, I can even get what I put on it back off. This works fine as I wanted to. Holding games to play on my ds and hokding pictures and etc also will help you out a lot with rom games. much needed.Now my phone wont freeze up. I store so much on there a 1 mg just was not cutting it so i was givin to my son who was thrilled. 17 and as know clue what it does and to stubborn to let you show him, What do you know? I put this little chip in my mp3 player and it holds music and stuff. I'd say that's what I bought it for, so I'm giving it 5 stars. very good for the incorporation and expansion memory on phones and cameras and so get more GB to store whatever you want. recommend and delivery was fast and arrived in good condition. I used this product to upgrade my LG Optimus S who have very small onboard memory. Works without any problem. I've never had a problem with Kingston memory. Have not had this long but dont expect any issues. And it does work well with my Sansa Zip. It works fine, as described. I can access all 16 Gb with class 4 speed. I recommend to have a USB - microSD card reader, and it can work as a regular pen-drive. Article as described sent within a reasonable time the article complies with the data described at the time of purchase, the price is reasonable. Tons of storage for a great price! Can't beat it! Why buy the expensive SD cards when the Kingstons are so affordable? Great price and has adapter for computer. Brand new and sealed. A must buy for camera, cell, or tablet that uses an 8GB micro SD card. My flas memory card arrived in good condition and immediate useage available. The 8 Gig storage really gives me plenty of space for my photos of 70 years. i bought it for my daughters hello kitty phone and she like the number of apps and games she can download on it. the space is just right for her. THis is best. . . . . . . . . . . . . . the speed is very high. thanks He's got all his music and a couple of movies and works just fine in his phone. Only thing I would change next time is larger capacity. Purchased to add to a new Samsung Galaxy S3 phone. Installed easily and works great. Never have issues with Kingston memory products. Tested the chip and it worked great. Have not tested the adapter though. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. Bought these for two tablet computers my husband and son received for Christmas. They work great! No problems with recognition and they work smoothly and quietly in the tablets. Highly recommend these memory cards! Very reliable company. All data stays in tact without worry of data loss, or having data compromised. Class 4 also makes data transfer quite fast. Excellent product. Excellent product I recommend, is of very good quality, has very nice presentation and it works great, very pleased, Greetings Its great for my celphone, i have like 10 movies 1080p and the whole last season of the big bang theory, not to mention all my music. I think 32gb is the exact amount of space you need in a cellphone This Kingston 16 GB memory card is a great product. Works very well and a great value too. I recommend this brand of memory for your phone as well. this is a great item for the price this works in my television set, my phone and my car stereo this is agreat item i just need to get a bigger one for my car for my music probably a 16gb Works great and was a good price. I needed a micro card for my tablet, and even with all my apps on it there is still plenty of room. Works in my LG Marquee. Tried 16Gb Sandisk. They would not work in the Marquee. These Kingston 16Gb work fine. Just put them in and they worked. I am very satisfied with this purchase. This is a great little device. It will hold lots of pictures, music, movies, etc. It works great with my Android phone. I use the card with my Motorola Atrix (1st generation) to store photos and video. It's been almost a year already, no problem so far. I bought this for my phone. It worked no problem. It's fast on transfers, not a single thing wrong with it. Kingston has always been my go to brand for Flash Cards. This micro SD card is a great value. It arrived quickly, worked perfectly and was very inexpensive. It even comes with the adapter. The Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter SDC4/16GB works perfectly on my samsung galaxy ace. the shipping was fast... This turned out to be excellent memory, large capacity, good price value. I recommend this product extensively, I am very happy with its utility and quality CUMPLIO CON MIS EXPECTATIVAS, LLEGO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES, AUN LA TENGO EN USO PARA EL CELULAR Y ES EXCELENTE, COMPLETA I purchased this sd card to go in my blackberry phone, and I am glad I did. It works fine for storing and playing music, pictures and videos. Used daily for 2 months now. Does what it's supposed to. Good enough write speed for my Contour HD and Contour roam so no complaints No problems at all with the microSD card, the adapter also works very well, and this one had a great price, so it was a good purchase. Purchased this for my tablet that had slot to expand memory up to 32 gig. Glad to say that is is working perfectly. This product with the microSDHC memory card is exactly what I needed for my wife's new camera. It was a great price compared to others. I purchased his primarily so I could store more music on my phone so I dont have to stream music constantly while at work due to poor signal inside the plant. Works great so far. Product works as advertised , came with adaptor , works great in my mini camcorder , would recomend at this price. lo necesario que estaba buscando lo consegui en el producto. jajssjd jaJSDH JASDJ J<JSDH J<HDJ J<HSD J JHD J<S DH Perfect..Good product. Good product.. This works great for not only tablet computers but phones too. Worth the money, highly recommend it. THE MEMORY CARD WAS PERFECT FOR MY CAMERA, WITH PLENTY OF STORAGE.I CAN ALSO USE IT IN OTHER ELECTRNONIC PIECES AND THE THE PRICE WAS GOOD. The micro card is good however my card reader doesn't recognize it everytime as it those with my Scandisk card which reads it 100% of the time. I bought these for my wife's new smartphone and my new tablet. They work just as you would expect them to work. i have seen this mem chips msd cards at walmart for about $19 so at this price a got alot of them for multiple tablets and all the cells in my home so far so good none have faild and i have been loadding info in them for some time i have used other card from the WM store and the two that i have have lost data from time to time so im not sure if its beciouse they are cheap at a hier price or there in older android froyo programing so for know this are working great This memory chip replaced one that had gone bad on my phone. It slipped righ in and the phone was immediately working again. It is a perfect supplement for smartphone memory needs and for transfers to low memory tablet. Manufacturer has an excellent reputation So far so good. Storage, and adapter at a low and reasonable price. I recommend it. No problems for me. Doin' everything that it needs too Got it for my scanner. I haven't had any problems with it so far. The product was promised and arrived when promised. I like the idea of going from a small card to a larger one with no problem. My product arrived on time and I loaded all my songs for my Girlfriends phone in time for Christmas... Thanks again this was a great price . works well in my cell phone . need to get a few more . Bought one for my son and one for myself. Storing on the micro sd card is much better than relying on automatic saves to the cloud. Can pull out and use in home computer or laptop. Card works fine with camera and hand scanner, but sometimes has trouble connecting with card reader. Might be a poor fit of the adapter. I've never lost any data or had errors reported. I got this SD card for a Digital Frame, well it holds a numerous amount of pictures and seems to be working great Got this so I would have extra for my wand, haven't had anything to complain about with it at all. My wife's phone was running out of memory. Popped this baby in and she has plenty. Works great, no issues. Bought these for use in a phone that only supports upto 4GB for music. We were able to copy music directly from the PC with the SD adapter. Works perfect so far. Works great in smart phone and it useable in other deviceses with the adapter. Holds a lot of info and pics just what i needed for a busy time of year. 16 GB of memory is never too much. Music, pictures, apps, e-books, everything. This went into my girlfriend's Wildfire S and she couldn't be more happier. Now she can load all her music on it and never have to worry about space. She can also download all the e-books she want and take all the pics she pleases Bought this for my optimus v a while back, still using it but now on a different phone, working perfectly. got this for a camera. no problems and holds lots of pictures. Fits in both our printer and computers. suprt works like a charm! highly recommended especially for the price. I've purchased 3 or 4 of these over the past few years and they all still work fine Hope it works. Had to buy another, more expensive one at WalMart to have for Christmas. Got to love those Promises to be there on time. I bought this micro sd card for my samsung android phone. It works great, and i'm really happy that it brings the adapter. It's so easy to use. I just plug the adapter into the laptop and there's my media. GREAT! Needed a larger capacity memory card for my digital camera. Price and satisfaction of previous Kingston products led me to purchase this. Bought if for my camera and it works fine. But any memory or sc cards I've ever bought with the Kingston name was great. Price was in range as well. This item was just as described in the ad and arrived on time. It is nice to get a Great Deal. This little microchip does what it should. I used the card to store songs on my wife's phone. The adapter allows me to plug it directly into my computer. Best of all, it was inexpensive. The Kingston flash card shipped and arrived in a reasonable time. The Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card SDC$/16 GB works as advertised. Great for my Mom got her a tablet for Christmas. She does all kind of stuff and needs memory for all the stuff she loves to do Bought this for use with my phone. Seems to work fine, just unable to move things from my phone to the memory card as I was hoping, but not the fault of the card. Price was good and it was shipped quickly and received in timely manner. The price and features were right for me. I like that it has an adapter since, depending on the devices that I may use, an adapter may (not) be needed. I also gave these as gifts and the retail packaging was convenient for that purpose. Does exactly what it's supposed to do! Fits my smartphone and convenient to be able to remove it, put it in the larger case and use it with my computer as well. I picked it up yesterday and i just started using it. It's working just fine. I don't have any complaints. Great size, I've had it for maybe a month now with no problems. I love kingston cards, I always buy them. Their quality always seems top notch, I've been using some of their 16gb cards well over a year with no problem! Highly recommend them :) Works as expected. Would buy again. Yet to test it on my digital camera with HD to see if access times are good enough, We have purchased a number of Memory Cards the last while, all of which have been from Kingston. All of them have performed well and we're very happy overall. Delivered on time... Great value for the price. I used this MicroSD card to add music to my mp3 player & needed the adapter to load songs. It was a must have & it completely doubled the capacity of my mp3 player. I ordered this for N2A software but it didnt work, but it works great in my phone. lol gives me alot more room then I had previously WORKED AS STATED WILL ORDER AGAIN FROM THIS CO. PRICE WAS ALSO VERY GOOD. SHIPMENT CAME ON TIME AND INTACT. This is my second kingston miniSDHC flash card. I have not had any problems with the first one and so I have come to buy another one for my tablet. It is stable and reliable. Great value and worked with my android phone for years. It did the job, and it also can be used as a micro SD or inserted into a larger SD. I bought this card to load movies onto it. Kingston is a very well known trusted memory company. Also can be used on laptop computers with included SD adapter. This is a good, solid product. It works well. I am happy with it and would recommend it to a friend. WORKS GREAT, NO ISSUES. THE PRICE IS REALLY A BARGAIN COMPARED TO OTHER STORES, I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS ITEM TO OTHERS. this card works great. i put it in my smartphone and now i can play all the games i want !! I installed this card in my Garmin 2460LMT and it works as expected. A great value for backing up maps/files. Just what I needed. It works great in my phone. It is also faster then my old card. I highly recommend it. Good, low priced memory card. Used it for my mp3 player. Gave me an additional 8GB of music storage on top of the internal 8GB I already had. No problems. muy buen producto, perfecto para mi celular, la unica contrariedad es qe la entrega tardo demasiado y tuvieron que enviarme un reemplazo del producto, por lo demas OK I use this memory card for my embedded development board. What more can I say about this? It serves my purpose though class 4 is not all very fast data transfer speed This is the cheapest one I could find & settled for it! the sd card works fine but would not work in my phone but used it in my cam so happy with the card and got it fast thank you Hobie Works great in the SanDisk Sansa Fuze + Mp3 player. With the included adapter I can use the micro SD card for other purposes. this is a great item has lots of storage and memory very easy to use and works with all compatible devices and computers that are compatible with the card types Both the adapter and the uSD card work reliably. Both the adapter and the uSD card work reliably. Both the adapter and the uSD card work reliably. Strongly recommend this flash memory! Really good price. I use it daily in my LG cell phone and i am very happy. with this memory card i can add more gigs to my mp3 player. only thing is that its so small that you could lose it I used it on my cell phone and it worked as expected. I will recommend this one to anyone who does not need fast speed. no los he usado porque son para regalar, llegaron en excelentes condiciones y rapido, lo recomiendo por la eficiencia, gracias There are so many options to chose from when it comes to vendors, but going through Kingston was the easiest choice. Great deal and simple delivery. Thank you. Picked this up on a black friday / cyber monday sale. Could not pass up the GB / price ratio. It was a gift for another person. Using this for a Sony PSP (with MS Adapter). Works perfectly and now I have much more space for the money then buying a Memory Stick Duo. This was a great bargain for a lot of memory. Works great with my tablet and I can use it in the laptop too Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB.. its works fine, it arrived on time, good conditions, i recommend it. I couldnt be happier with this product. went perfect with my phone and my ipod. thank you again and please note this came in perfect condition, and in great time. thank you again good, I like it very much, is very fashion for my sister and she love it a lot :) . I can only give good grades. Good quality. My daughter uses perfectly. I am going to buy another one for my friend's daughter. The package came quickly and was exactly as described. I would recommend this to anyone needing a little more memory. works fine, got it for my cell phone, htc evo 4g lte and works good. it came scandisg tho, not kingston Works great up to now in my vehicle camera. Do not know its speed, but it has no problem. Good price, Highly suggested. Adequate card with good performance. You may want to thinking of a higher class card if you're shooting large photos in rapid succession. Works as good as the pricey ones for a lot less super fast to ship I will be buying more of these for all of our phones I had ordered a 32 GB class 10 micro SD card, which did not work well but this card is working very well. I needed to add memory to my phone and this Kingston MicroSD did the job. It was a very cost effective solution that worked perfectly. It came shipped to me exactly as shown in the picture on a retail blister card with the adapter included. this card works great, and its a great price. i have several other micro SD cards so the adapter is nice to have for when in need to load it to my desktop. It arrived to me quickly and is amazing for the price. I do plan to purchase another one, maybe 32GB next time! I bought for my camera. It is just what I need and it works well now~~~and It is cheap indeed This is for an audio recording device. The chip seems to work fine. The 4 stars instead of 3 stars is due to the flexible capabilities of the SD holder. Works as expected. Great price and value. Works well as extra storage for my Galaxy note 10.1 tablet. Would recommend. It works as advertised. It was a good price. It got to me quickly. It's all good. If that's what you need, this is what to get. Going from a 1GB microSD to an 8GB microSD card was a HUGE difference. Have had NO issues with the product! Extremely happy with the product, highly recommend! I just purchased a portable handheld scanner for my Dad for X-mas so I haven't tried this product out yet. It arrived a day before the estimated date. He'll love having his own adapter. I bought a Samsung Galaxy S3 for $199 (8 GB version). And with this extension, my phone automatically became a 24 GB version. The 32 GB S3 costs atleast 50 bucks more. It works perfectly in my S3. I bought 3 of these. They all worked fine and were just as described, no errors--I've had other memory cards that my computer won't recognize. File transfer speed was fast. Kinston is a well know manufacturer of memory products. I recommend others to buy Kingston products. I have purchased Kinston products before and will buy them again as the need arises. not much to say other than they work great and they are easy to use! Shipping was very prompt and they are easy to store Works Great! Works great, umm, works great, and it really works great. It works okay, well, more than okay, great really. I got this the same time I got my tablet, and I have to say there's nothing I can really review about this sd card. I ended up using it for my new digital camera instead of my tablet, but its awesome that it came with both the micro and the adapter. Holds loads of photos (for those who doesn't exactly know how much a 4GB memory can hold). But if you want it for a tablet, I would recommend a 16GB instead of a 4GB (for more apps and files). But for cameras I would recommend this amount of memory great little thing! i want it for a tablet! its fast for videos, mp3, and any type of file. not complains at all! buy it! 16 GB it's NOT THAT MUCH but for me its fine! I purchased a higher memory card for my Blackberry and it's perfect! It was definitely a wallet-friendly purchase and I've had no problems with it. Love the fact that the I can use the adapter to use with my digital camera (a Canon Powershot SD600). Excellent product. It is being used in my digital camera and gives me a lot of space for photos and videos thanks so much i so happy when i got it hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi I love this sd card. I got it for a great price, and it came with an adapter. I would refer it to anyone. It serves its purpose. It works fine. No problem to use it. Plug it in my device and works till now. Good flashcard to use in my electric camera. I will use it in my smart phone. Cheap + fast + 4GB first of all, it's cheap! it was not that fast as much as i wanted, but 8 GB is ample! Great storage source. Discreet, alot of space, can hold alot of music, documents, videos. Can be used in almost any new technological device and computers. love it! You can not go wrong it you purchase this item. I will be purchasing another one soon. I recommend this item to everyone. This memory card is so great and caters for my needs and more. Dont know what I'd do without it. It worked very well, just as it was advertised! Thank you!!! I will definitely recommend this product to anyone and everyone! I've used this micro SD card in my phone for the past 2 years. 8 GB is way too much, but I can take as many pictures and videos as I want. I've had no problems and this brand and model seems super reliable. That's what I need, and I got it. I don't know much about the other specs like speed and so forth but this card hasn't failed me yet in storing data. Good ol' Kingston. This is great. It came on time and ive had it for quite a while now. It holds a lot of music and photos and ive never had a problem with getting my songs on it or any problems at all. I use the adapter in my stereo as well I bought this for my cell phone and it works great. They want me to say more and use more words but it is not necessary. Hands down... amazing product from Kingston. I ordered to use in my GPS so that i can get additional space to keep maps upto date. I bought this for my Garmin GPS so that I could download the full U.S. map update. It worked perfectly for this purpose! demasiado bueno lo califico 4 estrellas un producto original g g g g g g g g g g g Kingston products have never disappointed me. This is not the exception. I will continue recommending this product to my friends. I recently purchased the Kingston 16Gb MicroSDHC Flash Card for use in my son's new cell phone. What can I say, it really works well. He was able to transfer all his favorite music, a couple of TV shows, and have plenty of room for photos as he adds them. At less than $12.00 it is really a bargain. 16 gb is more than enough for 10 hours without wifi on my android tablet. 4 movies and music. works great. memory card i've purchased help me a lot specially in storing files from my cellphone.and it allows me to have more files. I was hesitant to order it because it was so cheap that I thought it might be a generic version, but its not and it works perfectly, plus my order came in 5 days early. it is resistent and easy, the reader works very welll, a lot of music and pictures stored at the phone. Came fast and works great. Holds a lot of pictures and movies. I would recommend this purchase for the price. DEFF COMES IN HANDY FOR ME WHEN I NEED MORE SPACE FORE MY PHONE ALSO GREAT FOR VACATION PHOTOS! TONS OF SPACE MEANS MANY MEMORIES. for the lg800g you only use the tiny part and it goes in under the chip so hopefully that will help you It's a micro SD card with an adapter fitting standard SD card sockets. Works fine; good price; fast delivery. While the outer packaging is a paper envelope with a pull tab to open it and qualifies as "frustration free", the product itself is in a plastic tray that is held closed by a 1.5" wide thick plastic band which requires a utility knife to remove. Thus the one star penalty. These are great cards for your cell phone or to just hold some files you dont want lost. They work great! This is one of those products that just works. No worrying, no formatting, you plug it into your phone and it works just fine. Don't pass up on this item. Its fairly priced and good. This memory card at first was very hard to get anything download on it but after a couple days of trying it was fast and easy I love it i am getting the 32gb next. , bueno, bonito y barato. el precio excelente y muy responsable el vendedor, entregaron en el tiempo estipulado. Sin mas detalles, gracias Los califico con 3 estrellas porque tardaron mas de 5 dias con el envio! El producto llego en perfecto estado. Great product to use for phone memory. Worked without a hitch the first time, hands down great purchase! Highly recomended! Well, It's a simple micro SD card to cell phone with a adaptor SD to introduce into a PC if is needed. not so much to comment. good quality and prestigious manufacturer Works perfectly. I can use it for other purposes also as it comes with an adapter for SD card slots. Does exactly what it is supposed to do. Haven't had any problems with it. Good price for the amount of storage. This was just what I needed since my phone just had a 1gb and the disc had filled up. Great price! it was a counter fit work one time and did not work againi had to pay for shiping just wast of time This card fit really well in my svp g13 cell phone watch which is what I ordered it for. Works great with any cell phone product that requires a microsd card for added memory. It is fast, and brand new. It is what I expected. five stars. I love it. I really love it. Was not able to use, product was locked or encrypted. Had to send back, waiting for a replacement, haven't heard back yet I bought this micro sd card for my phone and it has worked fine. I have no complaints and am very pleased with the value. WOW - this was so much cheaper than the same thing on the T-Mobile site. I put it in my phone and it works perfectly. You can't go wrong! It is an 8GB SD Card with and adapter. Not really much more can be said about that. It works fine and holds tons of data. Not a bad price by any means either. great product at a great price works with any smart phone a must have for any phone that needs more space This Kingston micro flash memory card is exactly what I needed to store pictures until I can print them out. i got this for my sons nabi tablet and it worked out great no problems and happy it got here fast I brought this chip for a voice recorder I brought. I didnt get the recorder but I use the chip for my cell. It is great for the many pic I like to take. I ordered the 16GB micro SD card Aug. this morning (three months later) I found I own the lightest paper weight ever. Lost all my data and the computer doesn't recognize it anymore. The one it replaced lasted for years and the reason I had to replace it was because I lost it. If you need something to store important Documents, Pictures, anything difficult or impossible to replace DON'T BUY THIS Kingston Product. Spend the extra money and buy Quality. I learned a tough lesson today. Item was shipped quickly brand new in the package. I bought this for my Garmin because I needed extra space. Thanks for a great experience/product!Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter SDC4/16GB I like the product first for it lifetime guarantee(although I havent had a problem), second for the packaging (for those who want to give as a gift) and third for the price, at least for the time I was buying it. The memory does its job. There is nothing spectacular about the speed of data transfer, but it works for me. Recommended product. I bought the micro SD card for use in my digital camera. It works perfectly & the adapter is great for transferring those pictures onto my laptop. Really great at this price. As the name indicates kingston, it works well with all adaptors and laptop. I do see the movies thru this card in my portable dvd players and other accessories. Works great Just what my phone needed!!Now I have enough space to download all the apps i want and music i need This was a great memory stick. Kingston is one of the best memory manufactures and this memory card at the price tag is exceptional. Great Memory, Great Price. Overall performance and quality is great! Does what it is supposed to for short money.needed one for my kids game and bought it.kid is more happy and so am I . I've used Kingston CompactFlash for my high end DSLR and depend on them for coverings weddings and birthdays. I haven't been let down once yet; hopefully, I'll get the same results with their MicroSD cards. Roku had one that was recommended that cost more than I was willing to pay. I decided to research it further and found the Kingston micro and it has worked well with the Roku. I can't say that I am aware that it is being used by the Roku box; however, I am happy that I have it just in case. We use the Roku box a lot and have never had a memory warning to date. I've used other Kingston memory cards, and have never had a problem with any of them. I searched the web, and this was the best deal at the time. Works great in my cell phone. QUICK ARRIVAL TIME. PRODUCT WAS AS SEEN IN DESCRIPTION. GREAT PRICE. WORKS WELL IN MY POINT & SHOOT CAMERA. YOU NEED AT LEAST A CLASS 4 OR BETTER THESE DAYS FOR QUICK DOWNLOADS. THIS SERVED IT PURPOSE. KINGSTON MAKES A GOOD PRODUCT. I bought this for my old (not-smart) phone... an LG of some sort (forgive me, I have forgotten the model, with joy... hated that thing). It worked great in it and just as well when I transferred it to my Motorola Atrix 2 (a phone I'm quite enamored with thank-you-very-much). To be honest, I did not get it for the adapter, so I have no idea if it works and don't much care. I got it because of the price and it was tough to beat. And it works like it should. I recommend this product. Haven't used the adapter yet, but looks like it should do its job. I bought this card for an Acer tablet. I am buying more for my new phones. Reliable, it allows me to carry more content on my devices. Bought this card for a replacement for my EVO 4g card and it works perfectly with it. Nothing to complain about so far! I received my package very quickly & It works perfectly. I use it in my Samsung Galaxy phone & haven't had any problems. It seemed to be a great price point to, and i love the converter so i can upload my pics w/o my usb cord if i want. 15 gb kingston micro card came as promised; I tried to copy to the card but it locked up my computer. I tried a quick format on the card and tried to copy to it again but it locked my computer again. I tried a long format on the card and was successful in copying a small file but it locked up my computer when I tried to copy a 700mg file to it so I gave up and sent it back. I was so glad when big lots sold me a same size card for the same price. I got this for my and my daughter's Android phone. No problems so far and the enclosure make's it really easy to read in my MacBook. It's a good balance of price and size (16Gb). Nothing really to drag on about here. It does what I need it to do. I use it in my portal mp3 player to hold movies, tv shows, music, pics, documents, etc. Never had a problem with it so far (about 6 months). This item does great in my portable hand held scanner.It far exceeds what I expected the item to do.With it's small size, and quality built in you can't go wrong with this choice. I bought this memory to expand my phone's storage capacity. I was at a Octoberfest in Bramwell, WV this year and every time I tried to take a picture of the festival, it said there was not enough memory. I finally had to delete all my sent messages, all my Inbox, and several photos I really would have liked to have kept, in order to free up some space. I went straight home and ordered this memory. Works perfect. You simply can not go wrong using a name brand in the industry like Kingston, in whatever amount (I opted for 8gb because of the price). http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CQT0X4 Bought from Amazon. Failed when copying files. Formatted FATEX, Now it seems ok. Know what you're getting. This is an old class 4 spec card. I got it for a sandisk clip zip media player. For my camera, I'd go class 10. For small mp3s, this should do fine. I went to the Kingston site to see if this card is genuine. The label doesn't match any of the examples of on the site. The fields on this label also don't match what Kingston asks for in the validator. That's odd. It looks real. Received product in good time and all were checked out and operate as stated... A very good price on these... A couple months ago my iPhone was stolen. A buddy of mine had an extra EVO 4G for me to borrow..needed a bigger micro sd card because of my apps and music. I am very please with this 16GB. i bought this for my HTC EVO and it was easy to transfer my information from one disk to the other via my laptop. This micro SD card works just fine. Cheaper than Wal-Mart and a good product. With the SD adaptor it makes it well worth it. All you have to do is put the micro SD into the adapter place it in your card reader of your computer and your ready to go. Thanks again Amazon! The Micro SD works great, However the Adapter to put the card into the computer was broken upon arrival, in the corner. Thought about returning but with holidays here kinda need the card. Thank God walmart had the adapter for $6, it was a better option than going without the Micro I needed. I will re-think my vender options in the future, thats for sure, especially since shipping was as much as the product was...Shop wisely folks! I purchased the Kingston Digital 32 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card SDC4/32GB to extend storage on an inexpensive Android 10" netbook and an inexpensive Android 7" tablet. The netbook takes SD or SDHC cards, and the tablet takes micro SD or micro SDHC cards. The micro SDHC with SD adapter allows me to use one card in either device. I use both devices to show videos, which are quite storage intensive. I have so far stored 43 videos (12Gb) to the card, used the card in both devices, and I haven't experienced any problems whatsoever. I read the reviews complaining about counterfeit cards, and the reviewers indicate failure at 2Gb or 4Gb. My card has been filled well past those points, and my Linux Desktop PC's file browser indicates that it's a 31Gb volume with 19Gb free. I will be ordering another one of these cards to have one for both the netbook and the tablet. great price, nice quality adapter, I wasn't even paying attention when I ordered it and I probably don't need another adapter but I was pleasantly surprised. It works. It has worked for quite a while now. Nothing more I could want or ask. Well worth the price, too. worked as expected for a much cheaper price. would recommend to anyone if you have the time to wait for item to ship to you Works nicely and was shipped very fast! Very glad it includes the SD adapter for my computer..makes it very easy. This is a great card. I put it in my daughters phone and it works as advertised. There are many memory cards to choose from, but I do recommend this one! Kingston Digital 32 GB microSDHC Flash Memory Card SDC4/32GB. This product worked as specified. Excellent. No Problems. Great buy. I would recommend it. I was about to lose everything on my computer when I needed to reinstall the operating system. This memory card came to the rescue. It is very cheap and it is also very good, especially if you have not make you idea about where to plug (maybe your smart phone now but camera later, I am just the case). The delivery takes about one week. However, I don't mind for this kind of product. I bought the 8gb when it was around $5, the price increased but I LIKE IT. I can download more apps and games than my 2gb one...I would buy this. Not much to say, they work like they should. I purchased 3, to put Transformers 1 & 2 on as Christmas gifts for a friends 3 children. They just got new cell phones and are all excited to have a smart phone, so I had these movies on my phone already, and I copied them to the cards for their cell phones. After the 2 movies, there is still about 4.5 GB left on the card. Pretty good deal for the price. This was a great memory stick. Kingston is one of the best memory manufactures that I have known and this memory card at the $6 price tag is phenominal. Great Memory, Great Price. For the price, this is perfect for people who don't absolutely need Class 10 performance. I've used this for smart phone data storage and recording HD video. No compatibility issues and it's reliable. I find that this Kingston 8GB micro SDHC Class 4 Flash Memory card functions as I expected it should and would highly recommend it to others. Works well with all my devices. fast enough 4 me. I bought this to save numerous photos to. Very happy with amazon as well as the product. Pricce was much better than b/m works fine, no problem for now, just first use . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . They are good for computers, tablets, cell phones, & I figured it would be good to have some spares, I bought three for me, & showed them to my son, well the phone company sold him & his girl friend a phone, knowing that he needed more than two gigs, So I copied his information to the new 8 gig chip, & I do have my opinions of a thieving phone company, but I solved his problem for now, & since they were to be spares, I ordered some more. I am sure that the phone company probably charged him $20 for the two gig chip, & wanted to charge him $10 more each month for internet storage, when the chip is only $6 one time. So I thank this nice merchant for selling me these 8 gig chips, & the last three that my son needed. Twice the memory for a quarter of the price... no brainer. I made the mistake of going to two local big box retailers to get the product that they showed was available in the stores on their web sites only to be again lured into their lair. When will I learn that online is the only way to shop? I just bought a new cell phone (LG Rumor Reflex) and it takes pretty good pictures and videos. Since it is easier to just carry my cell phone around and take a quick snap shot with I figured I should buy a MicroSDHC card for it to store more pictures or videos and make it easier to put my pictures onto my computers or bring the card to the store to print out directly from the card. I was looking for a card with a fair amount of storage space and for a good price and this card is exactly that. I'm very pleased with this purchase. Worked greate used it on my Mid tablet ejeced avery time. Created files ok, copyed files ok, down loaded ,and uploaded files perfectly. ya fue reclamado el remito y tampoco me contestaron ... ahora la reclamo nuevamente por este medio ..... espero alguna respuesta works great and does what it says it does i have it as a backup for my phone and when i get a tablet ill use it for that Easily transfer APS. Serves the purpose...a must for anyone with a tablet. Great price too...some spend twice as much for this same product. I bought this to replace a Sandisk brand 16GB card that was acting wonky. This one works great and was inexpensive. Came in quickly, perfect for my Android phone. What else can you say? It's Kingston, they know what they're doing. Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB The Kingston microSDHC Memory SDC4 8GB is a great deal at $5.53 with free shipping! Perfect for your phone or for easy transfer of files while on the go! Grab one! first item was recieved WRONG item and second did not work then they made me ship the broken item back at my own expense... Card worked fine for about 2 weeks, then became "read-only" no matter what position the lock switch was in. I've tested it with multiple devices and they all read as though the lock switch is enabled regardless of whether or not it is. This is an excellent product. I got 4, 1 for each cell phone for kids and 1 for camera. Overall performance and quality is great! After reading the warnings about this product in other reviews, I was a little concerned. But when it arrived, it worked beautifully. I intentionally filled up the card to make sure that it had full capacity and tested the read/write speeds to be sure that it was in spec. No problem. My wife has been using it in her phone for a few weeks now and it has been all good. Put this in my new smart phone, no problems what so ever. I really thought the price was better than most similar items. Would really reccomend it to anyone. This thing works great in phones and has so much storage on it that I can take photos for years to come I think! bought it to transfer info over to my new phone. didn't work cuz my old phone is programmed stupidly. product works perfectly though. cheap storage and is being used in my new phone. Excellent great to do business with you. The product was well packaged and arrived on time. It installed as per instructions. El producto es tal cual como se muestra en la imagen. La calidad es buena, estoy contento con mi compra. Lo recomiendo. a very good article .. very practical to store your information from either the phone or computer, as it brings their adapter. recommended I bought this 32GB microSDHC for my SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab 2, it works very well and the transfer rate from my Macbook Pro 13" is not slow at all. Good buy at $20.99 and plus delivery to Adelaide, South Australia around 1 week. This was just what I was looking for. It works great, and for an awesome price, can't beat this deal! It came in two days. Got the 8g for a 14 day trip to Philmont Scout Ranch in New Mexico. Arrived quickly and well packaged and worked great. Took hundreds of pictuand movies and still had space available. And it weighed almost nothing. I believe this may have been a fake product, because i had it in my phone for around a year and it worked well but after i loaded more than 1gb onto it, it died and will not recognize on my phone or pc. had a cell phone with 2gb card, now have 16gb card. no problems with card. Have a lot more storage on sdcard. just great Not toolong after I copied stuff onto it from my computer, I was taking a picture of my girlfriend and it froze up and my phone started rebooting over and over. I pulled the battery out and when the phone came back on it said the card was damaged and all the irreplacable pictures were gone. Have been using this card for over a year now and haven't had one problem with it. Write speeds are great for a 4GB card and this card has worked well in my phone and in a tablet for providing expanded storage space. I didn't expect much for the price in terms of reliability but I'm glad to see it still working like new after a year. It appears I'll end up replacing this card because I need more memory before it will fail. I bought this for my Garmin Nuvi 1450 LMT and it works great. It does what it supposed to do :) This item works great in my Road Tec 665 Zumo GPS. I would recommend this item to all. Great price and excellent operation. What can I say? Item was shipped and arrived when promised, I was fine with the price, I've put it to use and it has not failed yet. Kinda like a review of a pair of socks. This is a brand that I trust so I purchased this product. I was happy when it arrived and I use it in my GPS to store music and download updates. The memory size was more than enough and the price was very reasonable, especially if I were to purchase at a local store. Shipping was reasonable as well and I think $5 for a 8 gb sd card is amazing. The card is real easy to slide in and out of the adapter and the adapter has no issues going into my laptop. Thanks for a great product at a great price. its better than a class 2 (class 4 is more than adequate for most people). 8 gigs is also more than enough for all the apps I would ever download. I don't usually DL music, but instead just stream it. if you carry around all your music, I would probably recommend at least 16 gb, if not more! the card works and hasn't failed me yet! SD cards are definitely products that you tend to get what you pay for. Kingston is a reliable brand! Great Product at a Great Price. I purchased this for my LG-E510g, the adapter makes importing and out porting information a breeze. If your in the market for an SD Card with adapter this would be a great choice. EXCELENTE PRODUCTO, SE AJUSTA A CUALQUIER APARATO, BUENA CAPACIDAD DE ALMACENAMIENTO, RECOMIENDO TANTO EL PRODUCTO COMO LA TIENDA PUEDE COMPRAR TRANQUILO, YO VIVO EN VENEZUELA Y ME FUE MUY BIEN Needed this for my GPS so I could get the US and Canada maps on my GPS at the same time. So far so good, I have always liked Kingston Memory. I bought this producto for mi samsung galaxy mini and the card works perfectly. Good relation between cost and quality. A type 4 8Gb unit that is compatible with my Tascam 07 MKII. Great! Good price and delivered on time. Comes with a full size SD card adapter. I ordered this and it arrived in about 4 days. I put in it my phone and computer and it works great on both. It was a really good deal too. I can now store games/music/books and anything else and not have to worry about space on my phone. I would definitely buy from this seller again. I was happy with the speed at which I got my product. Product was exactly as advertised. It works both as SDHC and Micro-SDHC card. works both in my camera as SDHC and in my mobile phone as Micro SDHC card. Read speeds: 20MB/s or higher Write speeds: 5-6MB/s Device: BB9700 OS: 6.0 Bundle 2949 Comments: Good value for the price, would purchase again! excelente producto lo recomiendo ha funcionado de maravilla lo compre desde venezuela y llego en perfecto estado excelente vendedor toda la compra y el envio fue muy rapido Ok for the price i paid i thought there would be some setbacks, But nooooo this little chip is great works on my phone,camera,laptop,what could be better I know 2 of them i buying another. Kingston is one of the most reputable companies when it comes to memory and sd cards. They seem to last a little bit longet then the rest of the other companies sd cards. This one comes pre formatted so you can just pop it in your android phone and its ready to go. Amazon delivered this to me in one day with amazon prime. Very happy with this sd card so far. The brand says it all: Kingston warranty, in a very low priced but high quality memory for netbooks (with adapter included), smartphones, and HSDPA-HSUPA-UMTS USB Modems (Wireless Pen-drive Modems)with attached-in memory. I should have read other buyers reviews before buying, this Flash Card was DOA right out of the package. I tried several card readers and nothing. Return shipping will probably cost me more than what the card cost me. EDIT: I'm sorry but I screwed up my review, I was simply wrong and I admit it. The problem was that my USB card reader is outdated enough not to able to read SDHC cards, hence it couldn't even detect it. I tried it in a neighbor laptop with an integrated card reader and it worked right away. Please make sure that your card reader can manage SDHC cards So... it's a little weird to have the actual memory card be so tiny, and have an adapter to make it work in a more common size of memory card slot. But it works, it's fast (very little lag time between taking a picture and being ready to take the next one on my Nikon) and it hasn't deleted or corrupted anything yet. So while it's a little weird, that's not enough to take points/stars off. It's a great memory card. Assuming you don't lose the tiny memory card that goes inside the bigger memory card, that is! The product arrived on time and in good condition. It was purchased for my phone so I could listen to music. Price even with shipping was such that I did not even mind waiting for it which is unusual. After purchasing I went back to order additional ones for the kids. Kingston has been providing the most reliable and latest memory cards for over 10 years. I have never had a problem with any of their products, and I will continue to purchase from them, also they have an excellent customer service. So don't be afraid or worried about giving them your business. Works perfectly. Very simple and easy to use. One thing I had to do before I could use it on my phone was transfer some data via my laptop from my old chip to the new one to allow it to work with my Android. It was fairly simple, I just created a copied folder on my PC and drag and dropped from one microSD to the other. Highly Recommend this product. I am very satisfied with my Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB. I checked out a lot of reviews before I bought this product. A lot of people warned about fake memory cards. This one is not a fake. I called Kingston direct and gave them the info, they assured me it is legit. I plan on buying more of them from this dealer. I had the memory within days of ordering it. llego en el tiempo estipulado, y todo se encuentra en buen estado, excelente la calidad del producto, es tal cual como lo indica el vendedor,ademas de que a sido muy util para mi Came as described. Like the fact it has a little plastic holder for storage. Worked right out of the box. Not bad priced. Don't mind this sentence, just for filler for 20 word minimum. The Kingston 8GB SD card is a great bargain for all of your storage needs. The card stores any type of file format securely and quickly for easy future access. And at less than $7 for 8GB, the price is hard to beat compared to the prices at retail stores. This is such a good price and good product! I used in my phone and now came back for more! I just received the card and put it in my LG 800G Tracfone. It seems to work fine and I know Kingston is a quality brand name. IF YOU DON'T ALREADY HAVE AN EXTRA SD CARD PLASTIC CASE, BUY A DIFFERENT CARD. SD card works fine, but the case is useless for storage (it is partially shown in the product photo so they're not hiding anything). For one thing, it is shipped with an adhesive label around it, so when you take the label off the case is all sticky. Also, it's not the kind that clicks shut. It's just a shipping case, not for long term use. This card worked terribly in my boyfriends phone. Sometimes it wouldn't allow him to take pictures with his camera. Sometimes it wouldn't save the pictures. Sometimes it would only save a thumbnail of the pictures and not the actual picture. About a month after we put the card in his phone his phone began to say SD card damaged, needs to be reformatted. Won't buy a kingston sd card again! I received the Kingston 4GB memory card today, it was packaged nice, did not look used at all. I put the memory in my cell phone, my phone recognized the card with out any issues or problems and it has a lot more storage now. The quality seems very sturdy and put together nicely. I think it's an excellent buy, now I can store photos from my cell phone to my computer. The description doesnt specifically state which phones this card is compatible with but I ordered it anyway. I was tired of receiving messages on my phone that I didnt have enough storage space for app updates. I have been using it for about a week and no issues to report. It works great and all my files transferred over. In case you dont know, you have to back up the files saved on your phone prior to inserting the new card. There is probably a better way to do this but here is what I did. Connect your phone via USB cord as a disk drive to your PC. Copy the files and save as a folder on your PC. Turn off the phone and insert new SD card into phone. Turn phone back on then cut and paste backup folder from PC to the phone disk drive. Delete the folder from your PC after all the files have transferred to phone. Apologize if these directions seem confusing but you can always use Google for clearer instructions. It is a good product. Have used it for more than one year. Good price. Good quality. Would recommend to everyone. I am sure this is a fine Micro SD card, but it does not work with my LG800G. A icon appears in the upper right of the screen with the SD card and a little red "X" over it. After reading up a bit more it seems only 4GB and smaller cards will work with the LG800G Product came in a timely manner and does exactly what it is supposed to do. Had no problems transferring files to and from the SD card. The transfer rate did not take too long, would purchase again. PERFECT product :) works well in my phone and in cameras. I bought it here then sold it through classifieds for almost double. LOL So far so good with my new micro SD card! It gave me an extra 90+ hours to record my class lectures with. Definitely worth the buy. Shipment arrived sooner than expected and I would definitely order from this company again. I LUV THE FACT THAT SOMEONE CAME UP WITH THIS CARD IDEA,SAVES ALOT OF PICS. & MUSIC AND I CAN GO PRINT OUT MY PICTURES WHENEVER. Great product for the price! Bought this for my ereader and it works great! Really it's a steal for the price they are asking! Product and shipping was as described. Shipment consisted of 8GB micro-sd card with a regular SD adapter in regular retail package. great product for the price.I have been using it for 3 months now and it gives me no problem and I recommend it to others. BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT to be used with the Kodak Camera bought from Amazon. Love the price and the use. I am consistently getting better price and free delivery at amazon. What more do you want? Its a 4 gb microSD card with adapter for $5. can't really beat that. It's fast from what I can tell at least according to my Kodak camera! Works great, seems fast, using it in a tablet and it gets used all the time, no problems yet. NiNeTeeN, TweNTy I am very pleased about this product. Is what I needed and everything was excellent!!!! I would really recommend this product. I am an independent film maker and, I have no complaints at all. SD card has been totally reliable, and compatible so far. STARS all Around! this is a great and inexpensive micro SD card. The adapter is great and works well. the Card in new in box, retail packaging. I just happen to grab this so I wouldn't have to pay shipping, so why not pay little bit more to get free shipping? This came in handy when my other memory stick was empty, and plus it works. Can't have it any other way. Point period, this will not work in an HD camera properly. In my phone, it works perfectly. 2 months later, I am still loading music and pics seamlessly. I have not had a problem yet so I got my money's worth. bought these thing it would hae help couple of my device work faster. but what can i say for a class 4 it is not bad for everyday use. if u plan on using it for games or videos on your tablets or mobile phones i suggest you buy higher class but this cars work great with no issues,,,,recommend buying as a basic storage economic memory I bought this for my Samsung Gravity-T phone. Now instead of holding 60 pictures it can hold 4000 and can actually record video. Awesome. Purchased this to be used in a Samsung R355C StraightTalk phone. First i formatted the card for the phone. Then I just used the adapter, slapped it in my laptop and started downloading music. It is just about half full and I have hours of music on it! Loaded the micro card into the phone and, viola, music for my phone. There really isn't much to these. They are super light and would be a great way to organize favorites. For example, I am thinking about getting another one just to put my workout music on. Or maybe one so I can listen to downloaded podcasts of my favorite shows. I could carry a ton of them! This memory card was a gift for my Dad. I searched for the best deal and this one was it. My Dad was very excited when he received the card and now he take pictures on his new phone. So far works just fine after a couple months in my mp3 player. Writing speed is OK for my purposes. Seems a quality chip and adapter. Doesn't come in case but packing plastic can be used as case, front and back fit into each other kind of like a case. I use this with my Roku 2 XS. It works great and is plenty fast to run apps. Not much else to say about it except it does what it's supposed to. I recently purchased this Kingston 8gb microsd and it works flawlessly. Excellent little chip and holds loads of memory for music, pictures, and video. Cheap for its price too. Beats other retail stores. Used this in a Garmin Nuvi to update the maps. It arrived fast and in very minimalistic packaging. Works perfect. Cheap price and I would recommend it. It arrived earlier than expected which was appreciated. It was brand new as described and works just fine. I am satisfied with my purchase. I had issues with my Android device, I bought this for extra storage space and hoping it might alleviate problems and it seemed to do just that at a great price. I needed a card to get all the pictures I had on my phone off of there. I didn't want to send them to a picture storage place online, pay per picture to do so & then print them out from there. I want to put all my pics on a card so I would have them all & could print what I wanted. The price was a great value especially for the Kingston name. The only thing that I would say is a very slight downside is if I choose to save my images right to the card instead of the phone there is a lag in between taking pics. It is faster if I just save them to my phone first & then transfer to the card when I am all done, other than that---great item. Would not hesitate to purchase again. Thank You =0) I use this in my Android phone to store primarily music so I don't have to carry around a separate mp3 player. No complaints. Sall, fast and efficient. The price was great. Fits most phones... Except for Te iPhone :P Kingston is a product I trust. Works as expected. No issues. Installed it in my Roku 2 and it formated correctly first time. Would buy again. Bought this for a small camcorder, works as it should, but the SD adapter works intermittently. Don't know why, maybe its me.. hard to complain about a micro card though. Good card so far. Slow with transfers, naturally, but with playback of HD videos, I don't have any issues. I've transferred a lot of media back and forth on this card and so far it's holding up quite well (6 months+) When buying a microSD card, never pay more than a buck per gig. 80cents seems to be the sweet spot. Dirt cheap. Works great. Bought three of these for phone, outdoor game camera, spy camera, etc. All worked perfectly, unlike a SanDisk similar unit. Fast shipping, great product that works right. What more could you ask for? I got this got my cell phone to hold my pictures and songs and it works good. I have no problems with it! I saw mixed reviews on this card, alot of people said it was slow and its not blazing fast but USB 2 has varying speeds no matter how fast your card is supposed to be, with that understanding i watched the card write at 4-8 mbps, I transfered my phones other miniSD 4gb to the 16gb and everything works fine...even the apps i had on the external worked fine. great brand name, great price, great card. I am very pleased with the product you bought. Set an excellent rating. Very good price for the quality I received. Thank you Amazon. I will continue to buy from you. this is a excellent item with a great data transfer speed!it will meet or exceed all your needs for data storage and retrieval! Me siento satisfecho haber hecho negocio con uds, Muy buen trabajo, excelente tiempo de entrega, pieza nueva como lo ofrecen en la pagina no dudo en recomendarlo, y me gustaria trabajar otra vez con uds. all good the product arrived as provided highly recommend everyone can buy with confidence without fear of all products offered are of good quality origanales I tried it with my SGS2 and it worked completely fine. It still works, months later. I found it hilarious that this tiny thing came in such a huge box though. Works perfectly. Great price. I will buy Kingston again when I need another sd card. What else can I say, it's what I paid for. I bought this sd card for my Sansa Clip Zip but use it now for my LG Env3 abd it works for both pretty good. No issues Flawless operation and enhancement of GPS, easy installation based on instructions of the GPS system, great price! Hope it will last forever like other Kingston products I am using. I purchased two of these Kingston 8GB microSD cards for equally fantastic Motorola ATRIX smartphones. They format easily and work great! Recommended! Haw worked perfect without any flaws. Does it job where ever I use it. Camera, phone you name it. It will work What can i say, Its a memory card. For the money, Its a steal. And you can pack alot of stuff on it. Am using it in a handheld scanner for memory in that device. No problem at all. Excellent price! This is among the slower cards, so keep that in mind. The card (4G) has worked in the 3 devices I've tried it in. Recognized quickly... reads and writes fine.. good Price. But if you have a large number of files you want to transfer to it you should look for another card. This one is very slow. these sell for $30 at att.com, so this is a great price for the identical product. works great, no problems. There were two units ordered and the conditions for both were in excellent condition since these were ordered brand new. Very efficient service. An excellent memory card. It's slow for use as a USB drive but it is easily fast enough for a phon or camera. It's Ideal to load with MP3's for use with a stereo! Good price under 8$ shipped and works fine in my Infuse smartphone. Get yourself one, quit being cheap! Do as I say! when it comes to ram of anykind i use kingston and i have purchased this for my android phone considering the price u get great read and write speeds i would recomend this to any one who would like to purchase a micro sd card and dosent need need more then 8 gigs This is an excellent price for a 16GB micro SD. Easy to install, had no problems with it's use. I shop Amazon a lot and I can always find what I'm looking for. I bought this for a MP3 player that I bought as a present. The player didn't work so I sent it back and kept the SD card. I just might buy another MP3 player. And I'll be prepared. No problems- plugged it in to my new Roku, and presto, bottomless storage! Bring on the Roku games. I'm ready! These micro SD memory works excellent. I didn't have any compatibility problem with any of the gadget, my laptop, cellphone and mp3 player recognize the memory card without problem. I originally bought this for use with a cell phone. However, I ended up using it as an SD card (with the help of it's adapter) for my camera. It worked well for both the uses. Definitely a good buy for the price. The product is as described, works fine. I was pleasantly surprised by a very speedy delivery, considering I chose the free shipping. Thank you. great product, fast delivery, it did not work on one product, but i was able to use it on a different product, and printer It's not quite reaching class 4 speeds. The fastest I can get it to write is about 3.5 megs a second. It was a good deal, though, so I'll take what I can get. I bought 3, and two were gifts, so I can only attest to mine. For reference, I'm using it in a Sansa Fuze. I love the price for this, wonderful savings versus buying it at a retail store. Package came on time and everything worked out great. The SD Card works great. Have had no problems with it. The unit arrived on time and in good condition. I think that this product is great for my phone, but good for other devices too. It has a lot of storage capacity for pictures and videos as well. Works on my Samsung Galaxy ACE , 4.5 MB/s (Write) 18.3 MB/s (Read) . No complaints. Ordered from Amazon directly, no third party seller. NB. I used an app called "SD Tools" to get the results , download it from the android market. Like most class 4 4gb cards it has a slow transfer rate but is very reliable. I purchased it for my phone and it is going strong. This product works great. I'm planning on buying another one soon. The adapter allows you to easily transfer things from your computer and back to the micro card. Perfect card, does exactly what it should and at a great price. Everyone else seems to think so too and they are right. Wonderful product! Works great! It came early! This was the best price on the net! Thanks Amazon. I got the no-hassle packaging and would order this product again. i bought this go into my samsung intercept android phone. it does what its supposed to. it's only class 4 so its not too speedy with the transfers, but i can live with it. its a great choice if you want to upgrade your phone storage. i would reccomend this to friends and family Fast shipping! I try ordering items that are fulfilled by Amazon they come the fastest. I alreay used the card i filled it up with music and put it in my phone. It's excellent quality! We got the cards as an upgrade to our phones and mp3 players, but I didn't realize how much room is taken up by music. We put our entire computers music library on the cards, and barely made a dent in them (21 full cd's plus a few loose songs). We can easily fit our entire music collection onto these cards with room for pictures. Who needs more than 8gigs of memory?! Working great in my Motorola Droid 3 phone. It has been in my phone through a number of different custom software builds, and has read perfectly in every one. I can verify compatibility with Android version 2.3 (both Motorola and source builds), and with Android 4.0 (source build). Only other thing I've used the card on was a Windows 7 PC... no issues there either. Huge microSD card for my new Nokia 701 and very fast too. The adapter is a plus accessory for the computer. Worth the money invested. I purchased this for my tablet to give it some extra space, although I really don't think I need that much space for it as I'm not really using it these days. It also works great in my laptop as I was able to use the adapter with my other micro sd cards that weren't the Kingston brand. I received the unit on time and all was well until the SD micro adapter lock button broke off inside my reader and would no longer work. I also am having trouble getting my phone to recognize the micro SD card. It will not read to it I can only load and unload info through a windows file manager window. It will not backup or read any other way? Not to happy. I bought this for a tracfone LG 800G. It isn't real clear on Amazon what is the right size. I found that a 4G micro sdhc should work and in fact it does work fine. I put it in and it shows up right off the bat. I'm using the card for my Samsung mobile and it's been great so far .. never had any problems with Kingston products Id u want a Micro Sd this one is a great option i instaleed in my sansa clip + and works great, really class 4 , fast data transfer and i have no much too say just a great deal This product is great any person who needs a little storage. 4 gb was enough for my needs, i can now save tons photos and some music. For the price i would recommend this to anyone. Not much can be said about a microSDHC flash card. I ordered 3 for my phones, all 3 were recognized right away. One of them came with a defective SDHC adapter, however I had the other 2 adapters working fine, and I needed the adapters only when I copied the data from the existing phone flash cards into these ones. Delivery was quick, no issues with that either. I recommend these cards if you do not need higher capacity. This memory card was perfect! It fit my camera perfectly and it came with the adapter which was easy to plug into my computer. I am happy with the purchase especially because of the good quality and inexpensive price I paid for this product. The delivery was also quick which was another plus. This is a great SD Micro card. This card did exactly what I bought it for, without any glitches at all. Thank you! I'm using this with a ROKU streaming device. Was recognized immediately and easily formatted. Straight forward flash memory that works as advertised. This is a great value and high capacity SSD card! Priced right! This works really well in digital cameras used in amateur rocketry! microSD card works fine with the adapter for my digital photo frame and camera. at $1/GB it's a price worthy product. The picture of this item shows that it comes with a plastic storage case, which it does not. Had I known this, I would have ordered a different card for less money. And, of course, it was sold BY Amazon but yet there is no way to contact them about missing parts!? This may just be the last time I order with them just because apparently there is no way of contacting them about any problems you have with THEIR product. It works great. It is practical and nice. I love it. Buy it again. I made a good purchase. Thanks! I bought this to upgrade the memory card in the WikiReader Pocket Wikipedia. I didn't the need the added adapter but that was a nice selling bonus. Both the adapter and the micro card worked as expected. The class 4 doubles the speed of the original memory card in the reader. I can really tell the difference in the two. Standard shipping was fast and packaged well. I'm very pleased with this purchase. 4 stars - no problems yet. Used in my AT&T Atrix phone. What else can I say in 20 words or more? It is nice and small and is black with white logo and information. I received it it two days with the prime service and it worked as advertised. Has all of the memory as advertised. The adapter is nice to have and worked fine with my new dell laptop. Hope this helps! I am just amace of how much information, pictures and music I can store in such a small component, and the fact that it is easy to carry anywhere with me and share my pictures with family and friends I got this off a lightning deal and it has been working well. One thing, I wish it came with a carrying case for the adapter since my camera uses the micro SDHC card and my computer only reads SD. This Micro SD Card was just what I needed for my new camera. packed with 8 GB, it provides room for hours of video and thousands of photos. Exactly what I was looking for, a good buy for a good price. Initally took time to sync and store data, I meant only first and second time, after that never had any problems using it. Totally satisified with the product Was looking for a microSD card for my phone, but didn't want to spend too much. I figured that 4gb would be enough, and this little guy was very affordable and has no issues so far! Works great , cheaper than I could have bought it at Walmart .Bought item for my Samsung Galaxy phone and used it to take pictures on vacation. Fast delivery i loved this product, it was at fare price and arrive soo fast, it worked perfectly everywhere, an awsome product =) with kingston you can not go wrong. i use this micro 8gb card for everything and it works great. no problems here It does what it needs to do. No flaws and I've been using for about 3 weeks. I would trust Kingston if I had to get another memory car. Great price too! This may be more than my little lg 620g phone needs for memory. Seems to work fine,have not lost anything.Thats all I can ask of it. My product shipped quickly, and it's great. Don't really know what to say, it's a flash memory card and it works. I've got it about half-full right now with music and my phone back-ups. I'd buy it again if i needed another. I love this ....got all my pictures and document...stop thinking and buy it..i think i might just go buy a second one just to buy it I inserted this microSD card right into my phone and my media capabilities have returned! I've been very satisfied with how easy it was to use and the adapter is reliable. I received my package in excellent condition and right away. The Card worked great everything I wanted to put on it it works really good. use it on my phone for music and pictures. Wow, twenty words huh. The product did exactly as I expected. I used it to load a couple thousand tunes onto my Blackberry phone, because I'm too much of a tightwad to buy a 16Gig iPod. Ordered, tracked, and delivered as promised. Absolutely no problems. Easy to install and use. I have had no problems with this SDHC since it was installed on a portable device. I got this earlier than expected. This is really a good price. I'm totally satisfied. BTW, Kingston is a good brandname. I bought this card to use with my Star A5000 cell (HTC). Came with an adapter to allow you to put videos and pictures taken with cell onto your pc. Everything worked great right out the package. Phone recognized Micro SD right away. No issues with this product from me. Great price for 8GB card. Purchased the Kingston 32GB flash memory card for my HTC Inspire. Replacing the memory was simple. The memory card has worked fabulously. Amazon delivers! Price, inventory and on-time delivery. Thank you. This is a good price on a 16 GB MicroSDHC Flash card and the card works fine for holding or backing up data. You can not, however, use this as a ReadyBoost device or in a camera for taking video. Even though it says it is a Class 4 card, it has the slowest read write rate I have ever seen. Far to slow to be useful for anything other than storing data you don't frequently access. I bought this for use with my phone, which only took the smaller card size. I didn't have a reader for that, so I wanted the adapter. Aside from being small-- which is not really a fault of the product at all--I've had no problems whatsoever with it. I bought two of this product for my phone and my girlfriend's phone.That was very hepful since we use to take a lot of pics and listen to some tunes. The included Kingston Micro SD adapter has a little whitish grey tab on its upper left side, this tab has to be all way up as far as it can go in order for the card reader on your computer to read it- however the tab moves so freely that just the action of sliding the card into my laptop reader pushes the tab down into Locked position, making me unable to transfer files to my laptop. Luckily I have a Sandisk adapter that works perfectly because the tab does not slide so easily- otherwise I would've had to return this- but to be fair the 8 gig card works great in my Huawei Ascend Metro PCS Droid phone, the price here is great. This micro sd card is well worth the money. It is cheap, and was supported by my smartphone. If you need some extra space this is perfect. i was a little worried about buying this of line because of the fakes people have been sellin.i bought mine through amazon and it is the real deal.. I decided to buy this after my 4 GB sandisk memory card crashed (after at least 3 years of use). I have a Kingston memory card reader, and all the reviews looked good for this so I decided to try it. So far, I am happy with it. I haven't had any problems. I use it with my HTC EVO 4G. Great price to top it off! Purchased this card for a family members android phone. Did not hear any complaints regarding functionality. Unfortunately, the phone was lost by the same family member so I can not give any long-term feedback regarding the card. this product works fine and my neighbor is very happy with it nice price also and does a nice job in his little camera plus well work in other things he has The Samsung Galaxy Ace due to its limited internal memory (180 mb), needs desperately an extra boost, and this memory card is the perfect complement. i ordered 2 sd card. Arrived on time and works very perfect on HTC HD2 and my Samsung vibrant. Cheap and high quality. MADE IN TAIWAN. not china. It works like it should, you can stick it in your phone or use the adapter to put it in your camera. Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB from Amazon is a perfect cell phone accessory. The order I placed was an exact match for my phone. Kingston micro sd 32gb class 4 Having bought several micro sd from auction site, which all tested to be fake, finally purchase this from amazon. Tested it as soon as I received and it proof to be ok! I used this on my samsung exhibit android phone. Great memory cards! Has loads of space for you to load pictures and other things on it. And extremely cheap price. Would definitely recommend. Excellent product and very good price in relation to others, I recommend it 100% for people looking for a quality product at low cost. I picked this card up as an emergency backup card for use with my DSC-TX55. I have not used the card very much because I have a 32GB Class 10 card for normal usage, but I did a few tests when I got this card and was able to take and playback pictures and full HD video with no troubles. Product was installed in my new Sony tablet and it works great. The unit provides a quick and safe method to save and transfer photos taken with the tablet to my desktop. The item was as delivered as promised. I purchased this card to use with my Nook Color. I first used it to flash a full Android operating system, and it performed that duty very quickly with no issues. Now i'm using it as storage on my Nook and have had no problems with storage space, speed, or errors. And the price was fantastic. Next time I need an SD, i would definitely look into buying another one of these. I am very happy with my sd micro card. I will order from you again if I need a bigger one. I just received my card and put it in right out of package to my Samsung Craft phone, and no problem was able to upload all my pics to the card and transfer them on to my comp. The phone read the card with no problem....before i open the item i verified on kingston website if this product is authentic .... with one minute vertification and it checks out, good price as well ....recommended..... I bought this for my EVO 4G and works just as I need it to. Decent speed and very good price. I purchased the Kingston MicroSDHC flash card for use in a Motorola EX124G smart phone. The smart phone can play MP4 movies as well as a some other audio and video formats. The MP3 audios play well using the Class 4 (4MB/s) card. Conversely, the videos, despite extensive experimentation with MP4 quality and sub-format variations, continue to pause on occasion. Before the purchase, a friend recommended that I not buy anything less than a Class 8 for use in a smart phone. I can be a bit cheap on occasion and tried to save some money on a 16GB card. It appears he was right and I was wrong. I've bought a lot of Kingston memory over the years and feel comfortable with that brand. The SD Adapter is a nice touch, although, as it turns out, the card reader I bought from Amazon a few months earlier can read microSD cards directly. All and all, I'll use the card for audio and look forward to the price of higher speed high capacity cards coming down in price in coming months. I recommend the card as a value priced storage option that is fine for audio, but not at least for some video. This memory card did not dramatically improve the speed of my cellphone but i guess the extra memory could be useful! The product arrived on time, performed as advertised and worked well since the very beginning. No complaints and the space is more than enough for any use except for somebody going overboard with it. The card works great and it is the true 32GB. I can't comment on the counterfeit. But the price and its quality is great for me. Just works the way it should. Fits my mobile. Works for my camera. can also be used for the camcoder. No issues what so ever. Received it and immediately put it to use. Great for people on the go, works well with my blackberry and perfect for storing mp3s. As usual, I try to follow the pattern I use when writing my reviews: 1. How did I stumble across this item? I was looking for a replacement card for my HTC EVO 3d. I needed a higher capacity. One thing I didn't pay attention to is the class or speed of the card. Not that it matters (in my opinion) for this phone, but the class 4 card was cheaper (strange?!?!?). 2. Packaging? Yes, it arrived in the Kingston packaging with the card reader. It arrived in the brown box with air cushions along with a couple of other small items I ordered. 3. Operation- did the item work? Nope. After shutting down my phone and removing the old card. I inserted the new card in and rebooted. The phone did not recognize it at all. Insert the old card, and the old one responds. Re-insert the new one, and it doesn't work. Tried to format it, and it wont recognize it. Took the card and the card reader and placed it in my PC...my PC says there is an error on the card...should the PC fix it? I said 'yes' and tried to correct the errors using Win 7 Ult 64-bit, but the PC gave me a message that the card is corrupt. Sent it back.... 4. Would I recommend this product? Unfortunately with all my effort and still not being able to fix this card, I would not recommend this card... Received card as promised and worked as promised, packaging was a little over the top to be environmentally friendly, but for small items I suppose that is the trade off. Have had problems with other "big name brands" of micro sd cards not reading or formatting problems. This card hasn't had any of those issues and is an excellent value. Would highly recommend to anyone in the market for a killer deal on a good and reliable product. This product is just what I needed. Not to much but not very little either. I performs to best of its abilities and I can store way more that I intended. I am satisfied with this purchase. Item is working well and very convenient! It works much faster than downloading directly from the camera. Can take video up to 4 hours. Bought two of these for our cell phones... because we wanted to add some photos and music to the phones. This was a good deal, and they work as they are expected to. Also received very quickly. I bought this memory card just to store the new maps of my GPS, so the use is pretty limited and it works great on it. I am presently using this in my Panasonic GH2 camera. I have also used it in my Blackberry clone phone. No issues to report. I'm planning to go for a 64GB card now. I've heard all sorts of horror stories about fake SD & Micro SD cards. This Kingston card was exactly as advertised, it provides my Samsung Galaxy tab with the full 32 GB additional memory, data transfer speeds are fine for me - and all at a reasonable cost. I am using an LG Chocolate Touch phone, which I primarily use for music, but I can no longer save pictures to my phone unless I save to the internal memory. If I attempt to save a picture to the card then my phone shuts down and the save "fails". Overall it gets the job done for more memory, but it will not let me save pictures taken from my camera feature. I would not buy this card in the future for a cell phone. I'd just bought a new cell phone with 256 memory when I realized that I definitely needed more space, so I looked this product up. It's exactly what I needed, it's cheap, it's fast, and it's completely efficient. I had to replace the microSD card in my cell since I corrupted it. I used to sell Kingston memory, so I decided to try this one out. I received it in less than a week (I am overseas right now) and was able to use it immediately. The memory access is faster that my previous class 4 card, and the inclusion of the microSD adapter was an added bonus; I was able to confirm the FUBAR-ness of my old card. The price was perfect as well. Would recommend for anyone needing a replacement card. I am happy with this item. Had purchase it over an year ago for my GPS[extra maps] and still working fine. This is not as fast as newer Class 6 and Class 10 sdhc cards are but I think the transfer speeds are more than enough for average usage I bought this for my motorola photon 4g. It fits perfect and has been working well. I was going to get 32g but right now the price isn't too good for 32g. 16g is more than enough for me. Purchased this for an Android tablet that I was given w/o memory. Use it to display photos and this was the quickest way to get them from the PC to the tablet. May not be the fastest, but with the adapter, made my day. My girl needed a SD card for her phone so she wouldn't lose her pictures. Have bought Kingston before and had no problems. Very pleased with the quality and price. I bought these for myself, my daughter, and may son. With smart phones and MP3 players they are indispensible. I recommend buying these. The device works great. I have no complaints. For now 8 gigs is enough but I will probably run out of space eventually. And the adapter to connect to my computer is perfect. Bought this so i can take plenty of pictures with my xp30. I have used Kingston brand cards before with no issues so i bought again. The small size is nice since you can transfer to virtually any device using the adapter and not need 10 different memory cards all over the place. Bought this card because the brand is reliable and it was on sale at the time. We use the microSDHC cards for MP3 players, digital cameras and laptop. The adapter is a must. Whenever the price is right we try and buy the cards that have the adaptor for the same low price, since I have the tendency to misplace the adaptors. I really cannjot have enough of those adaptors. The adaptors have worked flawlessly for all the different devices and brands. The micro card worked perfectly for music, picture and movie without showing any signs of under performance. This memory card is in my camera and i have not had any problems with it. Compared to other cards it has held uop to everything i had to reformat another one that i had bought and then it would not be read by the computer not this one though. The product came aptly. It worked well. It was a good price. No problems. Gold star purchase. I would recomend useing this product and buying from this distributer to anyone based on my expierence. I have only had it for a couple months now but it was plug and play put it into my phone and put all of my music, movies, pictures, and apps on it. So far haven't had any problems and really like the card. This is my second flash drive from Kingston and I have been very pleased with it. It's a great price for something you can pay a lot more for if you want to - but why would you? It's a 4 rating so it's not as high as some of the more expensive ones but it does everything most people would want it to do. Pictures are clear and transfer to computer or can be printed to paper without a problem. this is a great item. have been using it since it arrived and i am satisfied... the card reader that came with it is also a bonus... :) Saw some reviews on here about fakes. I got the 8GB retail version. The kingston website verified my product as authentic. Card capacity in my LG Cosmos touch is 7.4GB. So far, so good. Kingston is a great company. Wanted a bigger memory card for my new phone and this one works great! The price was also a great point, other places where charging a lot more. This product came in a very timly maner but I found I could have gotten it cheeper by waiting for a sale at Radio Shack or other stores. It seems to work just fine. I find the micro sd's a bit too small for my tast, wish the companys would just use reg sd's & U have to keep track of the extra little SD cars slot card to use the micro sd in your reg. computer or view it any where else for that mater. But it is what it is. The company delivered on time with no problems. My original SD card for LG optimus V is 2 GB. A larger memory is needed after a while. So I picked this product. So far so good. The read/write speed is satisfactory and there are no compatibility issues. Great price Great Product!! I am happy with the product especially the price. I got this for a ds and phone works great ....... I got the product in 3days I am extremely happy Card fits nicely in my LG500 phone. Easily pop into the adapter and plug into the card reader on the computer. I also have a Sony multi card reader/writer that it works perfectly with. Very pleased, but wish I could use a bigger capacity card in the phone. The product arrived faster than I expected (3 days). The packing is standard. The price is good. I tested the card right away, and the quality is good too. Okay, so there is no "and..." It is a good product that met my needs. It was well, but minimally packaged. And all at a great price. If you don't have Amazon PRIME membership, get one for your household today! I have recovered the annual fee and then some with the "prime eligible" products. Good product and good price! Received it on time, as promised. It is just right for my new cell phone. I was a little skeptical after reading some reviews but for the price I took a chance. I rec'd product in original packaging and it came with an adapter (shown in the product pictures) that you can use to transfer things from your micro SD card to your PC. I have not needed to use the adapter since I use a USB cord from my phone to my PC to transfer pictures, files etc. but it's nice to have in case I would ever need it in a pinch. I am using the micro SD on my Droid x. I take lots of pictures and the previous card of 2GB was not cutting it. This SD with 8 GB is just right for my storage needs. My phone (running android 2.3) had no issue recognizing the card and have not had any problems. I would recommend it and you can not beat this price at the brick and mortar stores (even on sale). Very good purchase on a reliable product! I needed a little more memory for my cell phone, it was the size I wanted for an excellent price! Definitely would recommend! I already had an adapter, but I could see that this might be a concern for someone that didn't have one. The adapter that it comes with is the one in the picture (standard SD card size). Other than that, it does what it's supposed to; it's a 4GB micro SD card that is reasonably priced. It's so small but it can store up to 8GB. The cool thing is I bought this not thinking I will need the sleeve to insert into the larger SD format slots, but I end up using that more than the micro slots. I can save all my MP3s and play it on the SimplyVibe SV-X6 speaker that I love. I can then use it on my digital camera that uses the micro slot. 2 in 1 is neat. Love it. item received promptly and in new condition; the price was right. one of a number of such items ordered before. I purchased this memory card for my cell phone and it works perfect. All I did once I initialized it in my phone was put the micro card inside the included adapter, downloaded my MP3's from my computer to the card, and popped it into my phone. You could put about 1000 songs on this 4 GB card. Well worth the price and way cheaper than any of the local retailers. I purchased this microSDHC card for my e-reader and was pleased at how easy it was to use. It was a much better deal than I could find in actual stores around town. It came packaged as shown and was exactly as pictured. I am very pleased with my purchase and would purchase this card again. It worked great for me and it was a great deal! This is my second Kingston micro SDHC card. I put one in my phone and one in an MP3 player. Both work just fine. The added adapter make this already inexpensive card a very sweet deal. My droid had difficulty reconiging both the cards I ordered. Called Kingston and got replaced 4 free. And the replacement cards has not had a single issue. Kingston Customer service rocks. This is a very nice micro SD card. I like that you could use it as well in a camera that uses a a normal sized sd card. I haven't tested it to its promised potential memory but I will review again when I do. Its not fake because I used it several times now and it hasn't brought up any problems. I use my micro SD card on my phone. I love that I can just use the adapter, plug it in, put music and pictures in the card then transfer it into my phone. I can also use my card for my camera, if I should ever loose my 8GB card. Anyways, great item to have. I ordered and received this card back in March 2011. Back then it was about $34, and I see it has had a substantial price drop since then. When it comes to SDHC cards, I always recommend that you pick the card based on what you want it to do. For myself, I needed extra storage for an android tablet that I had purchased. The class 4 speed rating is fine for this use. I have loaded it up with ebooks, music, videos, and about 4 full-length movies. No problems. Don't let the speed rating turn you away if you need it for similar use. I would only use a higher speed card if I needed one for a camera or videorecorder. For storage and playback, the speed class 4 works fine saves a good bit of money. Lots of storage for $10.60. Now my wife can snap pictures and videos on her cell phone till her hearts content. We have LG 360 phones. On 'super fine' quality it is showing we can take 22,000 photos. Perfect for our needs. This was really "plug-and-play". No formatting needed. Just put in the Kodak mini camera and it was ready to use. Excellent! And speedy delivery as usual with amazon. Wanted a bigger microsd card for my mp3 player so I could make a playlist for my wedding. Well the wedding went well and I have a great new microsd card. Shipped fast, easy packing, and works just as it should. This tiny, tiny card I ordered on Amazon was perfect! It came with it's own little adapter and everything! And believe me it was shipped fast, so pretty much I recommend you buying this for the Acekard 2i. I will be using that for my backup free Nintendo DS games on my NDSL. Still a little bit worried because I ordered the Acekard on August 5,2011. But today it is August 10,2011. Amazon said it would be here August 31-September 16. Sorry, I have no patience whatsoever! While I was waiting for the Acekard I just plugged in the little card into the computer with adapter in my Dad's Dell computer. Then, BAM!!! it worked like my own lucky charm, Windows 7 read in a swipe! Only to see it only showed 3.72 GB. But, you know what that's okay because I have another on it's way! I do not have many words to say about it, because it works perfectly. Fast, high compatibility, cheap and it is Kingston. The brand speaks by itself. I use this to play music on the sports MP3 player. Good speed and adequate space for music playing on an MP3 player. The adapter that comes with this unit makes this SD card flexible. One could use this for example in a digital camera that only uses regular size SD cards. Price is reasonably good. 5 stars I ordered this product during weekend, but UPS missing my package. After few days waiting for nothing, I sent an email to Amazon, and they sent another one in one-day shipment at the same day. I got it today and works perfectly. Good job Amazon. I ordered two of these and I always make sure memory cards have the SD logo and these aways do. It does its job. What more can I ask for? I bought this product for my Coby Kyros Mid7022. So easy to install and my Coby recognized it right away. I was able to download music, images immediately!!! this product has quite fast transfer rate and is cheaper also. It plays all the vedios, mp3, etc.one can use inside camera and mobiles. thanks amazon and kingston as well. The Kingston 4 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/4GB is an awesome product lots of free space so i dont have to worry about the memory being filled too quickly. The best price i could find in a store on a micro SD card was $19.99 for a 4gb THIS IS A GREAT DEAL My application only reads from this sdcard, so I benchmarked only it's read performance. It consistently performed in the low 9MB/s. I cannot comment on whether this meets the specification of a class 4 device. I purchased this card directly from Amazon, not a 3rd party seller, and the packaging looked absolutely legit. Everything was as it would have been if purchased at Best Buy or somewhere. I bought the card for my Droid X, and it has been great. I transferred about 2 gigs of music onto my new card and in my opinion it went reasonably quickly. It has not affected performance of my phone whatsoever and I love that if I want to expand and put whatever on there, I have plenty of room. When I received this memory card and put it in my Samsung Captivate it was a disaster. My phone instantly rejected it. I took it out of my phone and hooked it up to my computer thinking that my phone was acting weird. No, the computer did not even recognize the chip at first!!! SO once that was over I finally was able to add some things to the chip (dumb). I put it back in my phone and it seemed to work fine. But every 2 days or so an error message would pop up saying that there is no external memory card. Or that the memory card needs to be formatted. I got so tired of this thing deleting my files and causing confusion in my phone that I just returned it. Luckily Amazon sent me another one very quickly. Hopefully this one works better. I will never buy these at best buy. They will charge you an arm and a leg. It performs as it should. A Class 4 speed is all I need. Just buy it Ordered & received within just a few days! Item is as described and comes with the adapter - you can use it in your cell or camera and then upload the photos onto your computer. Great price for a memory card that will hold many memories! Thank you! I bought two of them to put in a micro sd to memory stick pro duo and it work perfectly. Comes with adapters to regular sd which is nice. Does exactly what I wanted it to do and the price was great. I use it to transfer music/ringtones from the computer to my phone. No problems at all. Works great in my LG Prime. Lets me save music, ringtones, pictures, games, etc. I have about 600 songs and it hasn't even taken up half of the memory. I love that I can put it in my phone and (by using the converter) right into the slot in the front of my computer. Very convenient. I purchased this memory card for my Kodak Easyshare Touch Camera. My camera internally would only hold 4 pictures without a memory card. Once this card is popped in, It holds 1,600 pictures and 30 minutes of video! It's amazing and a lifesaver! I couldn't have asked fore more storage, or speed in a memory card. This is a great product. I was concerned and expecting the worse after reading countless reviews of rip-offs, false advertising, etc. Surprisingly, this card works and does have the advertised 8 GB (well 7.41 to be exact). I'm not entirely sure however that it's an authentic "Kingston" card, in fact I know it isn't but that's the risk one takes when one makes third party online purchases. Barring that one gripe, the card works well. Using the memory card in my Nokia C3. Holding some favorite traveling tunes and photos of friends for calling retrieval. I have not had any problems with the card Looks genuine to me - Kingston packaging, looks identical to the 2 GB card I got with the phone. Formated and mounted it yesterday, so far, no problems. I want to purchase a SD card for my camera and cellphone, this is the cheapest price I have searched in AMAZON. The item arrived earlier than expected. The product is very excellent and works well.I'm very pleased and enjoy the transaction. wasted my money, either i got a lemon or this micro card does not work. my computer did not recognize the card and nothing happen when i inserted the card with adapter into the slot on the computer. usually a new removable drive appears in the my computer window. nothing!! I bought this card for my cell phone and it works great. I love the extra storage on my phone. I had trouble with USPS but Amazon corrected it right away. I bought an 8gig card initially but found out that my LG 500g phone only accepts 4gig max. This one works great and is inexpensive. Now I can store MP3's, pictures and video clips on this thing to have with my phone. Great card, instantly recognized by Casio G'zone Brigade phone. All memory available (minus the tiny bit needed for format) Takes and plays video with no problem. Kingston makes very good cards , in my experience. I was able to write to this using my laptop and the SD adapter, but my GPS would never read from it for more than about 10 seconds. The maps would often show up, then disappear after a few seconds. My friend tried it in his Legend Cx and it worked briefly, then the maps disappeared. Friend's Sandisk 4GB card worked fine in my GPS. Something is wrong with the card I received. It's been returned and I have a Sandisk on the way. I ordered two of these cards received them on 6/10/11, shipped back 6/11/11 - both were DOA! I tried them in 3 different PC's and they would all lock up. I also tried several different carriers with the same results. I own 2, 4 and 8 GB micro cards all from Kingston and this is the first time I have had any issues with Kingston products. I might add that this is the first time I didn't order the commercial packaging from Kingston. Waiting on my refund from Amazon before ordering something else, very disappointed... Kingston SD card and San Disk SD card no different. Also, Kingston price is lower and quality is good. Before I always buy San Disk SD cards only but now I will change ^o^ capacity is ideal for me because I do not hold so many things but I use for my photos and some music on the phone. memory is fast I've been using this for a couple of months and no issues so far. Works for supplying games to hand-held game-playing devices just fine. (Of course, file format, physical compatibility, and hardware/adapter may be needed to use with your device.) I purchased this particular product because my phone had a microSD slot and my computer had an SD slot. I was able to efficiently transfer files, pictures and music to and from my phone. The product itself is a breeze to use, you simply fit the microSD into the SD adapter and you've got yourself an imitation SD card. Please note (though it may be a little obvious) the SD retains no memory, it is just an adapter. I am using this in a Dell Streak 7. At first the SD card would not be detected. Tried a few things and luckily I had a spare SD adapter for the Micro SD. I plugged the Micro SD into my spare - and it worked. It seems the SD adapter that was shipped was faulty. Not worth sending it back to the US from Australia. For just a few bucks I was able to upgrade my phone's memory and be able to take tons of pictures. Great product, no problems. I needed an upgrade and wanted something low priced. This is perfect. Works great in my Optimus V. no problems at all! I have a Casio Exilim EX-G1 12.1 MP Slim-line Endurance Digital Camera with 3x Optical Zoom, the red is nice. It didn't come with a memory card, and was a bit worried about buying one, as it appeared that I needed a much smaller card than for my old Casio camera. I found this memory card on Amazon, when it arrived, I was amazed at how tiny the card was, it fitted right into the tiny slot, I cannot wait to use it when I go on vacation. Casio Exilim EX-G1 12.1 MP Slim-line Endurance Digital Camera with 3x Optical Zoom (Red) good little card, good price. i bought this over cheaper 'class 10' cards as i wanted the reliability and quality control i know kingston puts into it's products. read/write speeds are slow but video playback is not affected. I am using the microSD card in an audio recorder/player & it has worked without a flaw. I loaded many books & other recording & have recorded sermons on it without a problem. The capacity of this Micro SDHC 4gb. This works great for my blackberry curve 9330. I use it for video, music, pictures and anything else on the phone one could think of. The price was too good to pass up. Kingston makes good products. I have a 4gb flash drive that is 5 years old from Kingston, and it works great today. This a good buy. :) I don't have the experience to write a review that objectively compares this to other similar products. But, if it's any help, this product works as described and without complication in every respect. It has in essence turned my phone into an external hard drive and a an mp3 player. it works great as Micro SD, but the accompanying didn't work, actually I don't need since I bought it to use it in my cell phone also I have another adapter if I want to use on my computer, in general it's good product, the price is reasonable. I have a nokia phone with a 2mp camera that also takes video. The onboard memory is pretty pathetic, so i bought this to kick things up a notch. Now i have more space than i will EVER use. for the price, this is the one to buy. I can take pictures on my phone and easily transfer them to/through a reader, a camera, or a printer. My only complaint is that it will run your battery down faster than using onboard memory, but it's that way with any of them. 5 stars. It's got everything one could ask for in a microSDHC. Quick, spacious, and most importantly, reliable. I've had it for over 3 months and I use it on a daily basis. It is still solid as new. While maintaining reasonable pricing Kingston keeps the quality of its products at a very high level. This will be the 3rd micro SD card I've bought (the first one from this seller). The first two turned out to be fakes (2gb cards disguised as 32gb cards). This one, though, has worked perfectly since I've had it (about 2 months). I only have a little over 2gb of space left in the card. I haven't had any problems reading any of the files. The adapter works as it should as well. I was so excited to receive my SD card in the mail. I used it for the first time and I couldn't get put anything in the memory card. All it kept saying was, there's an error. I tried putting photos, music, ringtones, and etc. but nothing worked. I took the adapter card out of my computer and on the side there's a side locks with an arrow pointing downward. the card came unlocked and I decided to lock the card. I used it and i still couldn't put anything in the memory card. so I took it out again and unlocked it, surprisely it worked. i don't know what the problem was, but I am satisfy with the card. I works great. if anyone had the same problem I suggest lock the card and unlock it again. I hope this was helpful I bought this card to upgrade my phones memory. After several months of messing with it trying to get it to work, I found out that it was a counterfiet card. When I contacted the seller, he immediately contacted me back saint that his supplier stopped answering calls and emails. The great thing was is that he refunded my money completely. This memory card seems to work well with my Samsung Focus WP7. I previously had a Sandisk 32gb class II card that was causing my phone to reboot repeatedly throughout the day. After installing this card the problem went away. works very well. this one works better then the one that came with my phone. no problems i love this item :) Excellent service, no shipping problrms--arrived in just a couple of days. Item was just what I needed, and at a price I could afford!!! I've ordered from this vendor many times during the past several years (last time was just a week ago...). Never have had any problems. The icing on the cake is that now I can order from them through the Amazon website. I thoroughly recommend this vendor. Everything is just like other disappointed customers say. Mass Memory sold me the fake Kingston 32 GB Flash Memory Card which does not work. Yes it was cheap ($47.50) and consequently suspicious but i really did not expected to buy a counterfeit on Amazon. I got this for my cell phone and i have all my android applications, photos,videos and other stuff in it. i really recommend it. This is a great card, no problems and does what it claims. One other very important point I have purchased many things from Amazon and only a couple times something was wrong with the item. Amazon took care of the problem Very quickly and were good to work with. In fact I will be so bold as to say when it comes to customer service Amazon Is WAY OVER E-_ _ _ who can really give you the run-around big time! Last, Beware of any body on any web site that reviews with one stars and two stars They are either competitors or people that are just simply Negative. I have been in the market place buying and shopping online, and just don't have that kind of awful luck. At least I think it crashed...my smartphone stopped recognizing/reading it. At first I thought it was my Blackberry, since the hardware interface is sort of chintzy...but when I slotted into the adapter and plugged it into my PC, my computer couldn't read it either. Since neither device would recognize it, I couldn't reformat. It worked great until now...I had about 200 songs on it, plus video and photos, with still plenty of free space. Think I'll try the Sandisk, see if it's more durable. This was purchased in October, 2009, along with two identicals(all used for Blackberry Curves). First one (for a friend) NEVER worked. Mine worked for a year and a half, the third one is still ticking...going figure. I ordered this for my cell phone. The card was not recognized when inserted into the memory slot of the phone. I also installed it in my digital camera, and same thing...received "card error message". Lastly I installed in my computer card reader to see if I could "format" the card thinking that might help. Did not recognize card. I did not open the package until recently to use this item, now it is past the return time limit. Make sure you check your electronic purchases as soon as you receive them. If I had to do it over again, I would by another brand. No problems loading music or playing it on my phone. Just what I was hoping for at a great price. It works and price is good. Nothing much can be said about the simple product that does what it should. The paint actually came off from me inserting and removing the card. I reformatted the card several times to try and make it work, to no avail. The seller was good enough to send me a replacement for the first card after I paid to return it. The replacement card was just as faulty as the original. These things are cheap junk, even for a Chinese copy! Use the micro SD card with my cellular phone as extended menory. Works excellent. I was also very happy with the speed in which the vendor sent the product and was very happy with the price of the card. Overall very satisfied with purchase. I bought a fake illegal 32 gb micro memory card that was sent. I tried to fix it & figure it out & asked around for help. Many people said be careful about fakes online. The memory does not work on my desktop PC, laptop, or my new cell. Fake! It loaded about 1 gb of pics & memory then, quits out, says corrupted, damaged or empty. Buy a memory card in a store in your town. Lots of fakes out there stealing from people & highly illegal. Worthless. Got two of them, one for each of our cell phones. Neither works right. Formatted them and tried everything, but pictures don't show up after being taken, about half the time even when controlling all the variables. Every once in a while the pics disappear. Have trouble transferring from my computer onto both phones. I ordered a Sandisk and it works fine. This was bought to supplement the memory in my Garmin GPS. Shipping was quick, the item works perfectly, leaving nothing to be desired, and nothing else to say! This micro performs quite decently. Data is recovered in timely fashion and I have plenty of music storage space on my mobile. Pictures take about 1 or two seconds to focus when retrieved but that may be the phone's processor and not necessarily the Flash Card itself. Not sure what you write as this does what it says. It is a memory card. It stores things. It retrieves things. It works. Not much more to say. It's good and at a good price. If you need an 8GB card this is a good one and it's a class 4 so it's good for HD video if needed. This product works well. I got it for my hand held gaming and it is working just fine! I also use it for my daughters music and have no problems in any machine or device I have plugged it into. The card is difficult to use (which could be because of the phone, not the card itself). It gave me the space I needed though! Company was excellent and easy to work with and the product is exactly what they described! :) I have a samsung solstice and I wanted extra memory space for it but didn't want to pay an arm and a leg at at&t for it. Works great, I have tons of music and movies on it and there's still room to spare. Great purchase. I definitely recommend it. Well I am very satisfied with this Micro SD card. Works great in my phone. Only thing is, is that is so freaking small I nearly lost it day one. Just be very careful with it because this thing is so small you can lose it extremely easy. I'm putting it in my cellphone or the adapter from now on. I advise anyone who buys it to do the same. It was ok, but then it broke down -- in half a year. I almost didn't use it doring this time Solid microsdhc card works well with my Motorola Droid and is easy to use. The Micro to SDHC adapter works great! Highly recommend it! The read/write speed is sufficient, the storage size is ok for the price I paid. Make sure to format the card before use. This is the best I have found. A family member recommended this site & product. I'm planning on purchasing more from Amazon.com. I have purchased a few items of other things & I never had any problems. The price is unbeatable & awesome. Thank u Amazon! I was finally able to find a good program that will convert videos to 3GP for playback on my cell phone (Freemake Video Convertor from [...] - excellent program!!). Anyway, I only had a 2GB micro SD card that came with the phone, but I wanted to add more of my video library to my cell, so I desperately need more space! Got this new card sooner than I was told from Amazon - they shipped early! - popped it in my cell phone and guess what? It wasn't being recognized by my cell phone! ARGH! Found out that the problem was that I formatted it with NTFS instead of FAT32! Once I figured that out, we were off and running! Now I have tons of space for vids and music on my cell and I couldn't be happier! When I ordered the Kingston 8 GB, I was somewhat skeptical because of the pricing compared to the carrier's recommended memory card. Well, when it arrived, I noticed that it came with an adapter for another fit. I only needed the flash card itself. I liked the fact that it could be used in other devices with a different configuration. I inserted the card into the phone and immediately was able to configure the card to that phone. It has worked flawlessly since. This is a really great SD card; I'am not an expert on class 4 cards or how fast they should be, but i can that data transfers quickly on this card. It is better than my old 8 gb kingston i bought a year ago, which somehow broke in half. It goes to show you, companies keep enhancing their products. I received an authentic product in its original manufacturing package. Worked great with my Nikon d3000. Putting the micro sd card in a usb adapter beats hooking up the camera to random computers when traveling. I used Kingston USB sticks in the old days but migrated to SanDisk for SDHC and microSDHC. My 3rd SanDisk 16gb microSDHC locked up and SanDisk refused to honor their 5 year warranty (card was used for 5 days at the time) so I turned to Kingston. 2 8gb Kingston are cheaper than 1 16gb SanDisk at this time and the Kingston is 2X faster (subjective rating). I have a microSDHC-to-USB adaptor that is flaky (my Macbook keeps saying I ejected it improperly while it is still in the machine) so I was happy to have the microSDHC-to-SDHC adaptor. That works perfectly on my Macbook Air--no overheating, no false ejections. Yes, this adaptor is flimsy (plastic with metal connectors) but I use it only for file transfers for my Sansa Fuze. If you are using this in an SD device...why? Just get an SD card. The adaptor is certainly strong enough for occasional file transfers. Just do not manhandle it. No more SanDisk memory for me, but I am still happy they make the Sansa Fuze. By the bye, Kingston is Taiwan manufacture (China assembly). There is some uncertainty in the world in regards to SD card performance. I purchased this card to expand my Nook's storage capability. My nook is rooted and running Android 2.2, so far I've seen no performance issues with any of it. This card was well priced, and I'd recommend it. I bought this for being used in my Nokia 5800XM 32 months ago. I'm the kind of person that uses the equipment in a heavy basis as a phone, camera, GPS, MP3 player and my window on the net. And this memory works very fine. Never have problems, never loose any file. And I still using it! I paid $18, and I did it because I trust Kingston products. Some people reports problems, but I repeat, never have one... That's what I call a good choice! This was purchased to have rotating discs to allow transferring without have to stop using the same camera. It is perfect for that. Well, I thought I was ordering a 16 GB SD card... it says 16 GB on the side but it can only hold 14 GB. I only just got it... it's completely empty but only has 14.4 GB capacity. I guess it's kind of dumb of me to expect to get what's advertised. So far it seems to be working but if you have plans for all of your Gigabytes... don't plan for 16. Pros: compatible with my phone (LG Dare); good price; plenty of memory, great for music Cons: not 8GB, really around 7.4GB; no case for cards If you have a Dare, and you need a micro sd card for it, this one is perfect, since the Dare's maximum external memory is 8 GB, and this card works well with it. It's fast and easy to use. Great buy. Once I figured out how to put this in my Blackberry (my problem, not the card's), it's really made it like a whole new device. I now have a video camera and flash still cmaera with me at all times. Before I could take an occasional snapshot and I had to mail it to myself immediately because I had no storage. I've had no issues with it at all. Great product and high capacity - problem is with and SDHC memory check your devices if they are compatiable. I didn't realize all the card readers I have do not support SDHC - very frustrating. They also did not work in the R4 chip for the Nintendo DS. But they work great and give me 4gb in my Blackberry for photos, music and files. I bought this card to store music on my samsung phone. When I received it, I just popped it into the phone, formatted it and was ready to go. Using the included adapter this card can be used in any computer with an SD card reader. I've loaded up just over 1 GB of music on here so far and have no complaints, all at half the price of Best Buy! The Mini SD and SD card adapters are great! I got the card for my Motorola Q9c, which has a Mini SD slot, but I wanted the Micro SD card so I could use it with other devices. I just pop it into the Mini SD adapter and it works perfectly in my Q, then put it into the SD adapter to connect to my Computer, which has an SD slot built in. Perfect! Bought this for my smart phone about a year ago, worked for a couple of months then stopped. One day my phone just couldn't read it anymore. I tried putting it in my computer and the same thing, unable to read. It's also a class 4 microSD, which isn't that great for smart phones and digital cameras, but that was my mistake for not reading it. We bought this Kingston MicroSDHC card for use in a VuPoint Solutions Magic Wand Portable Scanner (PDS-ST410-VP). This card worked fine and the large 8gb size allows it to hold a lot of scans. The included full-size SD adapter is easy to use and is handy for transferring images to my PC. Highly Recommended! CFH I really had no idea how little storage space the BB came with standard, and after being at an event where I wanted to take a ton of pics and having to delete almost all of them (grrr...), I immediatley came home and ordered this memory card. It's easy to install and works just as advertised. Hopefully I'll never have that problem again! I've been using this in my smartphone for over a year now. It holds a great deal of data and I use it to back up my contacts and pics. This makes it convenient to transfer large amounts of pics from my phone to my laptop by just removing it from my phone rather than trying to upload pics or email them myself. I'm happy with the quality. I have a laptop with a standard SD reader and a tablet with a micro reader so this was the perfect device to transfer files from my laptop to my tablet as I work in my dorm on my laptop but can present on my lighter more portable tablet. It is wonderful to have the ability to use both devices for what I need through use of this device. Complete failure. It would accept files, and I could see them, but I could NOT OPEN THEM! I'm tech savvy and I even re-formatted and tried again. It was not locked. It was just a dud. Sent back and got a refund. I got another card and it worked a charm. Note: I was trying to use this to expand memory on a Nintendo 3DS XL. Works as expected. More memory for my families' phones (I got these as Christmas gifts). No problems on any of them (a Blackberry Pearl, a couple of LG Xenons, a Samsung Solstice, and a Samsung A737). In my experience I have never had any problems with Kingston, whether it be flash drives, sd/micro sd cards, my card reader, or RAM. I have used many different brands of SD and SDHC cards and find Kingston the most user friendly and reliable. Just a hint even though it's not allways needed, if you format the cards before loading them with info they will responed faster and last longer IE: run cooler. Looking forward to the jump in SDHC cards to the 128 Series. Quality SD Card that met my expectations, works with no errors, and has performed flawlessly. Price and performance ratio is excellent. Kingston is a quality brand and things are as they should be. I only give 5 stars for products that truly exceed expectations, this is a qualtiy product that is easily recommended. I have to say that this was actually a good product and not some rip off. It came with both the adapter and the 32 GB microsd card. The only reason i did not give this product a full 5 star is because when i inserted it into my tablet, it was not exactly 32 GB but 29.65. That was pretty disappointing, but i still recommend it. card works fine in my lg ax260 or scoop i was surprised about the fast shipment and the fact that my phone is only supposed to support memory up to 2gb but recognized the 7.4 gb usable space right away ... great product for that alone...i did have the problem with the sd card adapter but solved by using a newer card reader. This is an awesome product! but before purchase make sure you have the correct adapter! this is HC micro-sd meaning High capacity, and its a slightly different format, so normal card readers wont work on it, make sure you have readers compatible with High Capacity ive managed to use my digital camera as the reader, lol I got about one year out of this before it completely stopped working. Light use (phone). No drops, etc. Take the 'warranty' that Kingston provides with a grain of salt. You will still have to jump through hoops and be responsible for the cost of shipping. At that point, you might as well find another brand and move on. This is definitely a great buy. It is way better than what you could actually find in retail stores why? I purchased on in retail store and my brother bought this here in Amazon. After a week, I regretted buying on retail stores and wish that I bought it here in Amazon. This is so convenient to use. So great for the price. I bought the 8 GB Kingston Micro SDHC card to expand memory - specifically for photos first, I have had no problems at all with installation or the use of the card. Useable space was 7.4 GB at installation; I did not have to do any kind of formatting or other modificaton to use the card. Writting speed is really great. The micro card works fine, however, I just did a search for a micro card for PSP and this is what I found and purchased it. The converter was too large for PSP but I just purchased the correct size converter & used the micro memory card and all is good. So, my son now has space to download games, pics and enjoy his PSP. This is compatible with AT&T's LG Prime. Plugged it in, and was recognized with no issues. PC->phone write speeds were limited to 370-400 KB/s due to the phone's USB 1.1 connection. I don't plan on swapping files on a regular basis though, so it doesn't bother me. Also, 4GB is enough to hold my entire music collection. So far every item that was ordered came on time and working ok. I gave the batteries four stars because they are really to big for my phone, they work but my cell phone just don't close all the way, otherwise I'm satisfied and i appreciate your taking out the time to make sure that everything is ok. Thank your so much!!! I think it's a good price so I can't be complaining too much. One thing is that class 4 definitely make my n82 feels like an old man. Transferring files that's forever. It seem to be a bit faster on my pc. I have a non-HC 2gb of the same brand and it was faster than this thing I bought. WIll probably upgrade to class 6. I bought this to use with my Verizon LG Chocolate (VX8550). I put the card in, formatted it and it works great. I have lots of storage for my pictures and music. I use the SD adapter in my laptop to transfer files onto it. No complaints, works as expected. Just be careful with it as it's about the size of my thumbnail. I use the Kingston cards in my cameras, gps and fishfinder, they do the job at a fraction of the cost of the more expensive cards. I highly recommend this to anyone requiring a good, reliable and inexpensive card. I should also mention that with the included adapter, the card is usable in both Micro and SD devices. My BlackBerry 8320 recognized all 8 GB (actually 7.4 GB) right off the bat. I've had the desktop software pop up a message a couple of times that the card needs to be formatted, but I've ignored it and everything works fine. I didn't want to reformat it after I had already placed a bunch of music and eBooks on it. I purchased this memory card to move the pictures on my cell phone to my computer. It worked great for that. I also recommend the "frustration free" packaging. I hate those plastic clam shell things. With the "frustration free" packaging, you just take the memory card out of the cardboard box and you're done. Works well with my new camera. No issues I was looking for a microSD card that could go in my phone with an adapter that could also plug into my computer. What I got was a microSD card that could go in my phone with an adapter that could also plug into my computer. Entirely satisfied. I use this memory card to store and play music. It works fine with no difficulty both in transferring music from my notebook to the flash memory card (using the full size adapter that plugs into the SD slot on my notebook) and in playing the music on my Blackberry Curve (which requires the micro SD card). Kingston has always been a good pick for me...This purchase from amazon arrived with the Kingston adaptor(I've read where some customers received sandisk adaptors...This is a good fast card...I have lots of pics,,vids,,and some full length movies on my ally and still have over 8 Gs left...Great buy..... I bought these so I could use it with my LG Rumor Touch and I'm extremely glad that I did. My only gripe would be that putting in music takes a couple of minutes but I'm not going crazy about it since it's over 1GB of music. As for everything else I was very satisfied with its capacity and durability. Opened up mine, slipped it to my LG-720 cellphone, and it worked in a snap. It came with an SD size adapter if you want to transfer data to your PC. I loaded it up with music and snapped pics. Pretty decent speed. Also, I have other flash drives made by Kingston on which I am pretty satisfied. Works as described and arrived quickly. Excellent product, I am 100% satisfied. Meh. It's an sd card, what can I write? It's so nice to buy things that simply work. It isn't less or worse than advertised. It doesn't try to perform unwanted favors. It shows up fine, just like a regular flash drive, when the G1 is plugged into a computer. The ASTRO file viewer is helpful for looking at what's stored on the card. I bought the micro sd card for my new smart phone. I love the card. It has a lot of memory, but unfortunately when I use the adapter to load my items from my card onto my pc, there's an error. I have to use the usb cable supplied w/ my phone instead. Kind of a pain, but I can deal with it. 8gb of microSDHC memory awesome at this price & having and SDHC adapter it makes it useful for many cameras and phones. There is no trick to pulling out the microSDHC card from the adapater. It fits well and very easy to remove when you want. Kingston made a quality microSDHC card here. For keep everything in your device..!! works well without any computer detail amazing how tiny this sh.t is and how much stuff you can pack on it.. 2gb was enough to take pictures for one year without taking the card out of my little camera.. I guess I could do 4 years with this... or w/ 8gh I can load all the music I would ever want to listen to into my cell phone.. This card works great on my blackberry curve 8330. I can now hold quite a bit of music and movies on my phone. Love it. Only drawback is that I now notice there's a 16gb card that apparently works on the 8330; however that card is 3x the cost of this one... I'm very happy with my purchase. The card, the seller, and Amazon were great in this transaction. A word of caution, though. Many, MANY devices will not recognize a 4 gB SD card; the format really has an upper size limit of 2 gB. Be sure your device will read/write/recognize this size SD / micro SD before purchasing. I was really excited to receive this micro SD card because I was running very low on space on my Galaxy note II but when I put it on my phone it didn't work. I ordered it because it said it was capatable with cell phones so I figured that meant mine as well but now I see I was wrong. Kingston is one of the best brand I have ever had. I already have a lot of Kingston stuffs and it already owned my trust because I am sure they are such a good company. I have this memory card for 2 years time and it is still working perfectly. I definitely recommend it to everyone. Works exactly as it should! I used the micro SD in a waterproof digital camera for vacation and then again inside the adapter as a normal-sized SD card for my Canon DSLR camera. It works great in both. I've taken a couple hundred pictures and am not even close to filling this thing. HORRIBLE CHIPS! I don't know where these chips came from or if they are failed chips being sold as new but my chip lasted a couple weeks before FAILING! My advice to anyone thinking about purchasing one of these is to avoid chips offered by this seller and go with someone else. Bought this micro SD class 4 memory card recently and I am happy to know that I can also use it in my camera since it comes with an SD adaptor. So far I have no problems, the speed is great and I use it to store songs and pictures on my phone. I would definitely recommend it. This item works just as promised. It provides more data storage space for cell phones. Now my kids can take more pictures and download music without the fear of running out of room. It's great to have when the perfect photo opportunity happens and your digital camera is dead. worked on my camera and not my phone excellent product delivered promptly I needed few of these. Each for different electronics. Each required different speed/class, had size (storage) limitations. Found this one to be the most universal. If you don't know if this is fast enough or not too many GB for older electronics, I bet it would work perfect. These micro SD cards fit my Sanyo Xacti digital audio recorder and work fine. Haven't tried the micro to full-size adapter but it looks well made and should function as intended. What's next - a "nano" SD card with a Terabit of storage in a card the size of a match head? The product itself is great - plug and play. The delivery was quite interesting though - came out of NW IN and went through Milwaukee to end up back on the southside of Chicago. I could have went over and picked it up quicker than it got to me - someone should check routing. Although Kingston memory cards don't always get the best reviews this one is 5 stars. This works great on my Blackberry Curve. No issues. This card is a great value. Try buying one of these at Verizon or anywhere else for that matter and you can easily pay up to 60 bucks. Works fine with my Voyager phone. But computer keeps getting an I\O device error when trying to read or format device. Wanted to use it with other devices. Found ways around errors. Not as user friendly as other micro sd cards I have. Going to stick with SanDisk. I am using this card in my Sansa Fuze 2gb MP3 player. Card was a great value and performs as expected. Works great with the MP3 player. I haven't used the adapter as I upload files directly to the player. I had to do some serious research on all the available cards here on Amazon due to many sellers using a class 4 picture but selling class 2 flash memory cards at a low price. THIS IS A CLASS 4 FLASH MEMORY CARD, JUST AS PICTURED! Works great with my Sprint BB 8330. This is great. I use it with my Nokia N95 for music and video playback and it works just perfectly after 2 month continuous use. Can't go wrong for the price as there is always a use for these cards, and with the adapter it fits most of my things like camera's etc. The order was filled quickly and worked great. The only issue was my old multicard reader would not read due to size or speed or something. The more recent reader used with my laptop read it fine. It worked perfectly in the Garmin Nuvi 750 for which it was purchased. This kingston 4gb micro SD card isn't too bad. I ended up buying a Sandisk one because the kingston was a little too slow for the purposes I bought it for. For normal data storage or for use in a cell phone it is perfect. For gaming this one might be a little slow. No flaw at all for me. I bought this for our smart-phones especially me, because I wanted to listen for musics. I'm planning also to buy bluetooth stereo headset from Amazon to mobilize my phone well. LOL Anyways, an excellent product. No cons whatsoever at all. I got this little over a year ago and it still works. No problems here. I used this with my Blackberry Curve 8330 and 8530, several digital cameras and overall I just never had an issue at all. I would buy it again and I suggest others buy it if they need it also! This product stopped working entirely after five months use. It could no longer be read by my phone, MacBook Air, or any external card reader. Some pictures and files were lost from it, but thankfully I was diligent backing up leading to this product dying on me. I've had this card for about a year and it's completely wiped out on me once and now doesn't work at all. It's been inside my smart phone the entire time but has always had trouble connecting to the phone to store photos or music. Not a very high quality product. This memory card adapter came in really handy when my mini-usb port on my blackberry broke and I was unable to retrieve any data from the phone. Took out my flash drive from my phone, used this adapter to plug into my laptop and the data was saved, thank you :) Happy with purchase, as described. High quality device that functions very well. I have used this MicroSD in a Nintendo DSi, Canon Digital Camera, MP3 players (including an RCA Lyra Sport MP3), and it just simply works. I've also used it on my laptop to transfer files. Best value for the money. The kingston 4gb. works just as well as the more expensive brands. I use mine in my digital camera, cell phone, and laptop. They are great for pics. and music. I can never have too many. I haven't have any problems; you just have to format them...not an issue. Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB is indeed a good memory for cellphones. This again proves Kingston as leader of the memory industry! The only complain I have is: This is not class 6! I dont know why Kingston does go for Class 6! There is not much to say, it's small convenient and has a lot of space. definitely recommend it, unless you want more memory jejejeje. also remember to check comparability of your device before purchasing, some devices like cell phones take only up to 2gb's. I actually bought this just for the adapter as I have many micro sd cards and it worked with other micro sd card name brands such as sandisk and transcend. the memory was all there when I went ot use it and the price was cheap! I would suggest this product. Brand named trumps no-name offerings that save only a few dollars and this is a well known brand for a good price For batteries, memory and CD drives: I now go brand-name. Thought I never would have to but let's face it reliability is a big plus Perfect combination to solve non-cloud transfer of data between phones and computers. We placed these in our Samsung Galaxy phones and had no problem transferring the data from the old chip to the new chip without relying on the carrier or different apps. I was disappointed that these did not work in my device. However, I went to a local store and purchased another brand and it worked fine. I have had problems in the past with Kingston memory cards. I will not be purchasing Kingston brand in the future. Remembers everything I put on it. Fast delivery, excellent product. I installed this in my Samsung Eternity A867 and there were no issues whatsoever. Reads and writes quick too. I have used other Kingston memory products and have found them to be reliable. I would recommend this memory to anyone looking to purchase some. I received this microSDHC, and immediately placed it in my Olympus digital camera. Works smoothly, and images are saved very quickly. This has been in my camera for about two weeks now, and no hitches. Happy with this purchase and with this merchant. I use this to store songs and keep my work on it. I just like the flexibility of the uses of MicroSD. With a USB adapter I can plug it in any computer to update my work or when I head home I plug it in my blackberry and listen to music. Just awesome. I am a huge fan of Kingston products in general - I use their compact flash cards in my digital SLRs, RAM in my laptop and now a microSD card in my Google G1 cell phone. It does exactly what it was designed to do - store data - and does so reliably. It's a memory chip! Nothing more, nothing less. The price was right, Kingston's a good brand, and the chip works very well in my BB 8320. Now I don't need to bring along my iPod on trips, since 8GB of music is more than enough (at least for me). Great product and cheapest price Super fast delivery! I just needed a little more room on my tablet so I can download my favorite apps. This micro SD card did the trick. Plus I really like that it comes with the SD insert which makes it really easy to transfer files to my laptop. I'm partial to Kingston products despite Sandisk creating the sd chip. Arrived quickly, as pictured- with adapter. Bought this for a LG Chocolate phone, formatted it in seconds and used the adapter to load music from my laptop. Excellent product. Good brand for flash cards. This is my second Kingston 8GB. Better that it's on sale in Amazon and shipped within 2 days using Amazon Prime. For the price, can't beat how this brand is reliable. This will be used as flash memory for my G1 phone. It works,it's class 4,8GB Micro SDHC,& it works great with all my SDHC compatible devices! If you live in California,It came 2 days after I ordered it! It comes from Pasadena,CA. I highly reccomend buying it from SoCal Trade for $17, good deal! This card is very small and as all flash cards do works fine. It is still amazing how much data I can put on this lil' card. i would recommend getting the microSd reader with this as it makes even more flexible the transfers with a usb device. Awesome card for the price, I will be using these to back up and save my pics and music. Purchased the cheap Sabrent card reader for this purpose, as well as to add more versatility to the system. I will be buying more of these little guys. It works great as a micro card and as a standard SD card with still photos. I didn't try recording a movie on it so can't comment. However I've recorded video on other class 4 cards with no problem in the past so expect this would be OK too. Card works great as long as you are not using it in any kind of DSLR camera taking high resolution photos. Any other purpose (phone, tablet, gps etc.) it works just great. Great price and free shipping (for prime members) Thanks for reading. There's not much to say besides this product is exactly what it says it is, and it works. It is indeed 8GB, class 4 flash memory, microSDHC, it shipped quick, and I had no problems at all. Not much else to say besides "thank you". I bought it here for a good price. Has been almost a year and am satisfied with it. I used it on my phone to store Mp3 and stuff. Has never malfunctioned. Came with a SD card adapter as well, so I can use it on those devices. MUST BUY!!! This is not a type of product that may need a long review. I works as it should, no errors or problems. I use it in the mp3 player and I see that it responds to read requests slower than the internal memory, but I guess it's to be expected. I'm very pleaded with the item. FIX VERY GOOD AND GREAT STORGAE I had to replace a sandisk microsd card in my Samsung galaxy phone after just 7 months of use and $40.00. It was my first bad experience with sandisk but it was a painful one. My new Kingston microsd card is working well with no hiccups thus far. it works properly and was recognized easily in my smartphone, HTC touch viva. Class 4 allow speed to access the softwares and files on the sd card very easy. It was not definitevely the botleneck of the proper functionality of my phone. This item is a plus, and is still kicking every day. Kingston is the way to go because the price is right. Please forget about big brand name and go for Kingston Memory Card. I just bought 16GB last week. I will recommended to any body. I have purchased about 30 of these in the last year, most recently I purchased one and it was incredibly slow. Aggravatingly slow. I cant even figure out how to return it, and I bought it as a gift. Choose another brand, I know I will. Good card. Worked immediately with my device. Only complaint is that it took about 15 minutes or so to fill the card. If speed of information is a concern, I would upgrade to a high class. Good product, I can recommend. Thanks. I bought this for my mp3 but for some stupid reason my mp3 would not recognize it due to the version that i have so i ended up using this card for my digital camera instead. It is a great buy and it is hard to beat. Great product!! i lost it the day i got it :'( Worked beautifully with my Garmin when an update was required. It would have been nice if Garmin advised the customer that a 4gb SD card would be required for updates...but that is an aside.The price was right, and arrived quickly. it works pretty much sums up, nothing more nothing less. good thing is the SD adapter which comes in handy when your device cable isnt handy. Not sure what the class 4 is for but 8gb was enough for my purpose as a phone memory card. I have been using the Kingstone 4 GB microSDHC Classs 4 card with my blackberry for more than a month. I use it for music and audio novels. This card is trouble-free (so far) and convenient to use. It is a reliable and nice product. Put it in my phone (blackjack II), was recognized immediately, no problems. Kingston is a well known brand and does not disappoint here. Just make sure your phone or whatever is microSDHC compatible as it is different from microSD. It's a good product, but the SD adaptor feels a little flimsy. I don't know if all SD adaptors that come with Micro SD cards are like this. It does the job anyway, however, so it's worth putting up with - especially at these prices. I was using it in my Galaxy tab and it just quit working last week. Will try a higher quality product this time around. Make sure you keep your tab or phone backed up on your computer if you purchase this. It's good while it lasts. Guess what, I had extra space to take pictures, unexpected. My friends shall know about this. Good for travelers like me, that need alot of space for picture taking of foreign countries. Highly recommended!!!!!! Very satisfactory! Satisfied with this article meets the standard of quality that is needed for completely new, seller is recommended as the same product, satisfaction guaranteed in quality. would return to buy the product back if I needed it again this is the best card you can get for this kind of money, the speed is critical to make large pictures and is "class 4". Most of the regular sd cards at this price level have lower speed than this. Therefore this is the winner. Great for using in cameras and new mobile phones. Can be used for large storage music files with mobile cell phones. Excellent value and comes with micro adapter for sd card readers and can be downloaded on most new computers. Cheap, Useful, and exactly what I wanted. Not being an avid phone user, I wasn't sure if I needed the included adapter or not, turns out I didn't, but now I have one to connect it to my computer with should the situation arise. I was really excited about the price so I purchased 2 of them. when I placed the card into my Verizon Droid X, My phone stated that I needed to remove the card because it was defective. I am waiting for UPS to pick up my return Very fine all the transaccion Good product at a good price. Purchased this 8gig Micro sd card since I also upgraded my phone to a blackberry curve. Blackberry Curve came with a 1gig card I believe. Great deal from Amazon when I purchased this as it was under [...] bucks at the time! Okay, it's a 8GB card. It works. I haven't had any failures yet. I use this in my T-Mobile myTouch phone to hold music and a few videos. There isn't much you can really say about something like this other than that it works. No complaints about this card. Lots of space, phone and computer recognize it right away, already one month of problem-free use. I haven't owned any other micro sd cards so I don't really have anything to compare it with... ...... And the AT&T Store wanted 40-some dollars for this thing... talk about price gouging!! Amazon.com once again came to the rescue... What to say about the product? It works like it's supposed to. Good Job, Amazon :) I remember when all flash cards were $30+ dollars so it is great to get such a good deal with a good amount of space. I use this for my BlackBerry Tour and I transferred all of my MP3 files to my phone now. I am happy :) I use it with tmobile wing and have been pleased with the performance of the card. the only issue i found was that the card gets heated when i use it with an old mirco sd - usb adapter i have to transfer data from my comp. Product was represented accurately and works like it is supposed to. Shipping was quick and price was great. Just make sure your device takes the HC = High Capacity cards as some older devices only take regular SD cards. It's nice to have such a large amount of space on my phone now, however it is disappointing that 1.5 gigabytes of this card are unusable. Transfer rate is pretty good considering how large of an amount of data is on it. this tiny little guy holds a ton of stuff. I tossed it in a adator and put it in my camera, after putting music and photos on it from my phone there was still room for 4818 photos. very impressive for such a small chip I needed more memory, and this solve the problem. Make sure when you buy this product that the device is SDHC compatible. Worked great. No complaints It is amazing that so much can be stored on a card this small! I bought it to work with my girlfriends camera on a vacation to Costa Rica. It worked well and stored a ton of pictures. Great product at a good price! Got the card for my Samsung phone and it's working great. Now I don't have to worry about running out of memory while taking short video clips or snapshots of my son. LOVE the hassle free packaging from Amazon :) Works well. Needed some affordable storage and this delivered. So far I have had no issues and it continues to work reliably. If you need some storage without breaking the bank, Kingston is always a logical choice. Very nice little SD Card, very good for the price. I have had no issues so far. I would highly recommend to anyone; photographers, gamers, businessmen trying to transfer data, etc. Great little piece of technology. This is a reasonably fast, reasonably priced microSD that works fine in my Captivate. What else could I ask for. SD adapter is a nice addition, although I also have a USB adapter and find it much more convenient. I used the memory card for a LG Cookie cell phone, primary for music. With the adapter, I just used the computer to copy all the music and then plug the memory card into the phone. Very happy with the purchase. Great product. As it is Kingston, I've always trusted in them. A lot of reading writing allowed, more than the rest of Flash memory card. I've had Kingston card for long, and they've have always worked like charm. Hi The paper is of excellent quality and apart from all the best price is found in particular I'm very happy and would recommend to everyone and that responsibility for business and delivery is the best used it on the LG Vu. works fine. One other thing, My LG Vu shuts down automatically often. I changed it from a 3G to EDGE. after which the problem does not occur. Not sure if its a LG Vu problem or memory problem I needed a basic card to store pictures on the phone. I did not care for speed or "class" of this card so this product worked great for me. Once received, this popped into the phone and worked right away. I never received the initial shipment. Maybe the package was too small? Thankfully, Amazon was on it and they sent me a replacement so I was very happy about that. As for the disk, it was in perfect condition. everything you can copy yes I purchased this to expand my memory storage on a Samsung T659 phone. It works perfectly, giving me a ton of extra storage for phone-made pics and videos, songs, etc. Will be very handy on my upcoming trip! I use this card for my camera. After using this card, I am happy to have more memory for taking pictures with no side effects, such as slowness of taking a photo. It is a nice product compares to its price. This was used for a Garmin GPS device to add more memory for new updates. The price was great - a lot cheaper online then at any local store I have seen. It works well, and does what it is supposed to. I have never had a problem with one of these cards. I use them in my Logitech cameras and they work perfectly without any problems. In the 2 years that my cameras have been in use, no card has failed me. I was very pleased with my order. Shipping was fast and the quality of my item was just as nice as advertised. I will be buying again..BEING AN ARMY FAMILY WE ONLY WANT THE BEST AND THIS PAST OUR TEST.. Priced right, product works, can't complain. Not sure about specs like speed of drive, but works well on my BB 8900. I'm using it for pictures, videos, music, mp3's and Kindle books. No problem so far. great product, works very well, the price was great for the amount of space on the card. Also, the uploading and downloading speed is like the description said. It's really fast and doesn't freeze up. The microSDHC worked perfectly for the keychain remote camcorder. Also the adapter allows conection to computer. If the 4 GB didn't work in the camcorder, I could have used it as a standard 4 GB SDHC. I purchased this micro SD card and installed it in my wife's cell phone. It allows her to carry hundreds of her favorite songs around with her at all times. It works great and the price is amazing! 8 gigs? Can you believe technology? Lovin it. Now i have 8 gigs of memory on my samsung behold cell phone for pics, vids and music. Works great...no problems and i have had for 13 months or so... SD memory is pretty much a commodity, but these work well and the price was excellent. Class 4 is more than fast enough for most of my applications, so paying more for speed makes very little sense. Had this product for some months now. It fits exactly and works well with my phone (Samsung). Different types of memory cards have the potential to lose data, but this one has proven to be relaible. Works flawlessly in my Blackberry Bold. Class 4 speed allows faster transfering of music to the card (Sandisk sells a Class 2 for more money). SD adapter works without problem. Highly recommended. Used it for the LG Vu. works fine. By the way, my LG vu shuts down automatically sometimes. I turned it from 3G to EDGE and now it seems to work fine. Not sure if its a LG Vu problem or SD problem. This is one of the best capacity-price-speed memory around. It comes with SD adapter, making it pretty convenient for use with SD readers. Good transfer speed for the purpose. Highly recommended. If price is right but it. Ordered card #1, but it was defective. Using Amazon's excellent return policy, it was exchanged with no hassles! The second card works great, I have it playing video and music on my Blackberry. Sturdy quality and the SD adapter works perfect for my HP laptop. I did have to install a new driver to read the SDHC card, which is not difficult to do. Speed is not an issue, great product I bought this card to store music on my LG Dare phone. I haven't had any problems, and it's worked perfectly. What else can I say? I would recommend it to anyone looking for storage capacity. The picture in your ad showed hard plastic case that holds the Card and what I got was a cheap throw away plastic case so I was disappointed that what you showed and what I got didn't match. It's a memory card, and as long as you are sure your device can handle the high capacity cards then you are set to go. This came to my house quickly(thank you amazon prime) and worked great. I've had the card for a little over a month. It's been serving double duty in my HTC G1 and in my Canon Rebel XSi. Both the microSD card and its adapter have worked well. No complaints. This memory card is easy to install and works flawlessly! I use it in my Nokia E71x (Now E71) for extra memory capacity. Great price and great functionality! It works beautifully for me. I am using it in Blackberry Bold. The phone accepts the microSDHC and recognizes the card. Make sure you press it all the way in until it clicks in the phone. I have not used the adapter. I called Verizon tech support to find out why I couldn't transfer music to my phone, LG VX8350R, and to find out why my phone kept shutting down. The card could not format, I could not save music to it, it interfered with the phone, it kept shutting down, and my computer kept locking up when I inserted the card and then could not not use the "safely remove hardware" feature either. I had to return it as defective. There's not much to say besides prompt shipment, the actual flash card was good as expected as they usually are. Good price speed combination, am sure it will serve me well for many years. Excellent! Works great. best value for the money This is the third time I ordered this item. Works as expected. Have most of my phone apps stored on it along with pics. Data retrieval is quick and it loads well when the phone starts up. Item arrived on time. Item exactly as described on Amazon. Item works perfectly. The only thing is that the 4Gb card is not recognized by my mp3 player, but that's not the seller's fault. I was fine at first but then i can put any info in fact when i put inside any device , they can not read it , its like I am not putting nothing inside and all the info that i had is lost . I was supremely shocked to find this very cheap and yet work so well. I felt as if it was a scam until i used it myself. Anyone looking for an 8 GB, this is your memory card: trust me. I recommend to potential buyers that they should make sure that this card runs properly on their devices and not craze them. But if that happens, it will not be the fault of the card. It is gust grate i have it in my phone and i am having no problems with it, i put all my music on it and i even have 3 movies on it and i can see them on with no problems. Love It!!!! What else is there to say? I slipped this microSD card into my Sprint Blackberry 8830 Curve, turned it on, and now have almost 8 GB of storage space for music, movies, pictures, etc. I had a 1 GB Kingston in my LG Incite CT810. I copied the old card over on to this one, plugged it in, and all is good. I had not one problem. Nothing more to say. Searched around for a lot of deals and this was the best. So much memory capacity. Didn't really have to think a lot about it to decide to get this one. Works well with my camera. I bought this product along with a Nokia e63 and works great with it, it is as the picture shows, a Class 4 Micro SD. The delivery was fast and I'm glad I bought it from Amazon.. this memory card works great on both my cell phone and my camera. the adapter works fine so far and its a great value for the price. i would recommend this memory card to everyone. Excelente. Recomendada I needed the car for a camera I forgot I had. Worked like a charm recording pictures and storing them. Price was great from Amazon and it arrived in two days as with Amazon Prime. As usual, Kingston makes the most reliable flash memory cards.I've tried other brands and have had decent products, but have had slight problems.Kingston has never had any issues. Todas las memorias salieron daadas, horrible y frustrante de verdad porque uno espera poder almacenar muchas cosas en una memoria de esas pero resulta que vinieron todas daadas Works just like it should!! and just in time my phone just died and i got to save all my photos before i had to exchange it!!! It was so easy to transfer to the computer too!!! This is the new brand of flash memory and I wanted to try it out. I used it for my laptop, my son's laptop, digital photo frame and it worked nice. I definately recommend it. Taiwan is known for it good technology advance in Asia though people only know Japan or Korea as the "tech." countries. This made in Taiwan microSD Memory card works very well! The product arrived quickly, even in the rush of the two weeks before Christmas. Performance is great. I used the card in my android phone, and it's one of the best I've used. I use the microSDHC flash card for my galaxy s4 phone and really like it so far. Pictures went on it without a problem. If I fill up this one, I will buy the same brand again. This fixed an issue with my LG Optimus S Android phone. The phone kept loosing track of the original SD Card that came with it. Once I replaced the card, it started working. great product, at a reasonable cost, serves its purpose in a mobile phone.Very satisfied with its utility. Would recommend to everyone who has the need for Micro SDHC memory. What can i say, it's a name-brand MicroSD card. Seems legit. Does what it says on the tin. It's Class 4, so there are certainly better cards, but you get what you pay for. :) This sd card has a great price and it works great on my HTC Touch Pro on Sprint. I would recommend this card as long as your sure that your phone will be compatible with it. I accidentally wrote down the wrong address and realized it a week later. All it took was one email to the seller and it was reshipped to the correct address. Thanks so much! I was worried that my BB wouldn't take an SDHC since the manual didn't specify, but it did work. Now I can finally take as many pics as I want and load video. Yay! Great buy. A great accessory for my blackberry bold - 8 GB on a micro SDHC flash memory, and class 4 to boot! Fast, inexpensive service, received as advertised, this is 5-star service! Good afternoon .. Excellent product .. dispatch was very fast .. fully sealed cell and in perfect condition, I recommend the seller very responsible, really grateful, Thanks Prefect game camera flash card! I use the flash card with my game camera. If you have a game camera this the perfect size with plenty of space for all those digital images. This item arrived in a reasonable time and the price is a good value. It works fine however, the SD Adapter did not arrive with this product. I assume it is on it's way. Came quick, about 3 days. I use it in my PSP with a Memory Stick Adapter, works just like a regular memory stick. But the read and write speeds don't seem any faster to me. Excellent! This memory card was just what I needed. I hadn't dealt with SD cards directly before but it was no problem; the adapter let me go from device to device easily. works perfectly with my bold...all i did was insert it and the phone recognized it immediately. would def recommend for anyone looking for more memory for their blackberry This is the best product I've ever bought in Amazon, works excellent in my Nokia E71 and in my laptop. Right now I'm buying a second one for my Panasonic Lumix TZ5 camera. Exactly what I was looking for! Good amount of memory for the price and the adapter is nice for versatility. Great product over all, has been working fine since I got it! great price from amazon, it worked with my nokia e71 right out of the box, no formatting needed. good for gps enabled phone, you can store the entire US map on the card. I bought one of these nice little cards for my cell phone, works great and enough space for what I need. Also tested on a Nintendo DS, once formatted it worked fine. :) I picked this up to serve as OS storage for my Pi. Despite it being a lower Class it works perfectly and is plenty fast when it comes to reading from and writing to it. Bought this to use with my new Creative Roar. Only wanted 4 gb because I only wanted to put one folder of music on it. It worked perfectly and the music sounds great. This is a great product at a great price. The build quality is great and so is the transfer speed. The capacity at this price is totally worth it. I am very satisfied. I am very happy with this purchase. I bought this card for my Blackberry Curve. It works just fine. Much better price than Verizon. They wanted $49.99 for an 8 GB card! Micro SD works as advertised. Good product. Good adapter. I use the card in a mini DVR(Digital Video Recorder), and it works good. 4GB holds about 2 Hrs of video. It works. I don't think there's anything else to say about it. Make sure you have an SD card reader that supports SDHC. Great card, lots of space for a good price. Great price for 16gb. after a few months, card is unable to be read by android/ Samsung Galaxy S5. Deleting content and reformatting do not work. Card is not detected by laptop either. :( I love the fact that my camera can hold more pictures now and I can begin to familiarize myself with it. This little device enables me to gain memory on the camera. Good morning all these objects came Congratulations perfect and they were very nice thank you send your best deals to remain a loyal customer dede Caracas Venezuela It works very well and serves its purpose. I have used this product for over 6 months now and i have no complaints. I am using it for my pantech P7000 mobile phone. This card is a lifesaver cause it fits in my wallet, tiny case and all. i always have it and its SD adapter that it comes with. Great Product, definitely recommend. Purchased for my Blackjack II. Works great lots of room. But unless you want to spend hours loading connect directly to USB port will take hours through the phone. Received this in 3 days, however it is defective and deleted all my data, which can not be retrieved. It keep saying error. I contacted the seller for areplacement Works great in my phone...no problems. I have had many Kingston cards for cameras since 2005 and they have NEVER failed me. It is a brand I would trust by name. fully functions as a perfect storage device and I have not encountered any problems, although this does not expand beyone the average I can't imagine how it could The chips don't work in my camera -- I'm stuck with a bag full of unusable chips. There should be a warning that these are not comparable to other memory cards. product was delivered in a timely manner and was in excellent condition. bought for memory use in a Kindle and it works great.I highly recommend Amazon.com. What is left to say? It fits, it works, it was inexpensive. It's in my Samsung Eternity cell phone and holds way more music and pictures than I'll ever want. I bought this for a new smartphone (Nokia E71x). The microSD card works great, and it was a great deal for the 8gb microSD card and a normal SD size adapter. I'm glad I waited until the price fell under $25. I remember when 4GB cards were $100. Double the storage and a quarter the cost for this one. Excellent! Worked great with my Blackberry Pearl. I just popped it in, turned it on and it recognized it! I ordered one for my wife's phone too! Great price/value ratio. This flash card should not be bundled with the Shark phone because they are unrelated, cannot be used together. Its still sitting on my sons desk unused Works perfectly-Low Cost! Win-Win! My Garmin GPS uses the Micro SD, and with the included adapter I cam load the data in my standard SD slot on my computer. I bought this card for my Blackberry Curve 8310. It works perfectly fine and is good on performance. The card got delivered to my place in less than 5 days. Love this product!! It came on the date we were expecting. Worked perfectly right out of the box. I would definitely recommend the seller and the product. The product is working very well, the way I was expecting and I now have an extra space for storage. It was deliver exactly the day I was told to expect it. I bought this sd card for my Android it did not even needed to be formatted,It worked as soon as it was inserted,I would buy another any time from kingston. Product arrived in only 3 days and worked right out of the box. Now I've got sufficient memory in my Android for backups, photos and music. Excellent buy. Kingston 4 GB SDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SD4/4GB It works. I got it fast and cheap at Amazon. Good value. Good service. END I got an email about this product but was quite disturbed when I saw that most people who purchased it realised that it was a conterfeit. So why did Amazon send me an email promoting it? Even worse was the fact that the email from Amazon Global (note Global) said that I could get free shipping - all I had to do was to click on the "one click" button. However, when I checked the shipping details it turns out that Global means U.S.A. WTF??? last time I checked global meant global, i.e. all countries on Earth (except those that the good old U.S. of A doesn't like, i.e. Cuba, North Korea etc). I didn't realise that global didn't include Australia, a country with which the U.S. agreed a free trade agreement over 10 years ago. I guess the free trade agreement and the definition of the word "global" is not binding on Amazon. Very disgruntled... Just what I needed, at a great price. It's probably more memory than I need, but for the price you might as well have too much room rather than not enough. This is one of the lease expensive 32GB cards you will find. I had a problem with mine at first, but I reformatted it, and it has been working fine since. I ordered the 8gb micro sd card for a hand held scanner that I just purchased. It works as expected and is great for the documents I need to scan and keep. Awesome, works great with my Plam Centro. Lots of memory, dont need to worry about having to download to computer. Great Price compared to Retail Stores. I ordered the micro sd on sunday, and it came in today <3 It! :) 4g I think may not be enough for me, but for now its just right. Great delivery!&& Fast. The product works as it is supposed to, great deal for what you get. Most stores sell these cards for 3 to 4 times what you pay here for it. Very good! A+ I bought this for my phone that verizon wanted 30.00 forbut got this for 5.00 Works great. Just format to phone and u can play ou own music on your phone. Put it in my Garmin when I needed it and it worked perfectly. Inexpensive and not fancy. I've bought discount cards and they just failed. Not much to say. I needed mas storage but was unsure if my device would support it. I purchased it to use with my AT&T 8525 and it has worked flawlessly. I have had good luck with Kingston storage, this was no exception. I needed the extra storage for my campera phone and trail cam, and this works great. It's works great jut like it should but the adpt.won't read the card on my computer have to use my Blackberry with USB cable to read data off the card. 8 gigs of quality memory for dirt cheap, what else is there to say? The adapter is nice as it will work with any SD reader (pretty common in laptops). My phone's a samsung t819 and I bought the 8GB to load and save music and photos on it. I made sure the microSDHC Class 4 works on the phone before purchasing it and it does work (I can save music, files, and photos easily on my computer). The only problem is that when I put it in the phone slot, the phone automatically formats the card and you don't get anything close to 7GB (AND IT DELETED ALL THE DATA when it formatted). The memory says there's only about 3.4GB free so it would be a waste of money for that much space. I thought about changing the FAT32 to a different format on the computer but it was wasteless effort. Right now, I'm using the Kingston 4GB microSDHC with no problems on the SGH t819 (I also saved about $10). By the way, the card isn't great with the Samsung Gravity either if anyone's interested to know... Great product for the price. Stuck it in my work BB for extra music and what not. I can always count on Amazon to have good products at a good price. This was an easy, straightforward transaction. Item listed was at an attractive price, it was easily purchased , arrived very promptly and works fine. exactly what I ordered, works good and fits perfectly. Not sure what else to write, does exactly what it says and is for what it says. Can't go wrong works great we needed a new card cause my husband lost his other phone and now he has more storage on his phone he doesn't even know waht to do with I just got this card for my Samsung Moment, running Android 2.1, and have had no issues with OS recognition or video capture so far. I recommend it! This is a great memory card...i use it with my samsung jack and love it. Made in Japan...which is great considering everything else is made in china. I purchased the memory for my wife's cell phone. It provides ample mempory for her use. It works in the phone so there is not much more I can say. Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB Perfect for storing large amounts of music on your Blackberry Curve. Amazon is my first choice provider these days. Always prompt, never a problem. Products I want. Bought this for my cell phone. Works as expected. I asked for an SD card and I got and SD card that works quite well. It was a great price, and only took a couple days for it to arrive. Good times. Have an LG cell phone and wanted music. Couldn't load music without this tiny card. Works great! Good price, free shipping...couldn't ask for more. I use it in my Samsung R560. It does the job and having the adapter made it a ton easier to download music to play on my phone. No problems so far! what can i say it was easy to set-up and its a memory card, does what its suppose to, have had no problems with it and it has all the room i needed not much to say about the product itself besides it is what it says and functions perfectly. the ship time was quick and easy and had no troubles. I ordered 2 of these, I got them on time & i think i found them a few bucks cheaper here than i did at a few other places. working great. This card is fast and reliable. Class 4 reads in a laptop were consistently about 16 MByte/s. Writes at about half that speed. Would buy again. Every now and then I had a hard time getting it to work with my computer. But it was very useful to get photos off my phone and onto my computer. the 8gb microsdhc works great. the microsd adapter did not recognize the 8gb microsdhc. i needed to get a new adapter that would recognize sdhc., I'm trying to use this in a Smart Watch, but I haven't gotten the Watch to recognize it yet. Probably my fault, I'll keep trying. I needed a card for my Alias 2 and this worked perfectly. The included SDHC adapter has been very handy and I have no complaints with the speed. If you need extra space for your phone or whatever other device you may need, this works like a charm just as it should. Solid price, as well. Excelente producto Just what I needed This product did not work in either my phone or my computer. DO NOT PURCHASE. I am out $15 (cost + shipping fees) for no reason. Buyer beware. 4GB is a lot of space. Now I can download my music, take HQ photos, TED videos on my Blackberry 8900. Quick and efficient delivery by seller. this SD card works great iv had no problems iv owned it for 2 months use it in my Verizon moto W755 cell phone to hold video and mp3 music I got this micro SD card to use it on my HTC Diamond2 cellphone and so far it has being working just fine, I am happy with its performance :) Simply works. And it comes with a lifetime warranty. For this price, when my SD card failed on my Android, this was a no brainer. Seemed OK when I bought it in Feb 2014. But now it won't format or allow me to delete files. And the adapter card is not "locked." Do not get it. I purchased this and had it for about 6 months then ut crashed on me and said that it was unsupported. I repeat do NOT get it Got this to go in my MP3 player and it worked great in my card reader and just as good in my player and has a lot of room to add more music! Always liked Kingston and Sandisk products. They are reliable. Today I learned that as of Sept 1, 2008, Amazon ended their 30 day Price Guarantee. Amazon used to be my default stop for most of the products I need but this time, I started shopping again. I saw a better Kingston bundle from new egg for much the same price and shipping is free even if the item is under $25.00. The card works as stated, as expected. Keep in mind that I use it in my music player, so I'm not particularly sensitive to memory speed. purchased this for my LG COOKIE phone and works great no trouble at all.S o if your looking to use it in a cell phone you got my blessing.! I bought this for Samsung Eternity and LG Xenon. The cards are perfect for the phones. Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging is less expensive. Totally satisfied with my purchase of the memory card. The price was very reasonable for the amount of extra memory which was purchased. I must have gotten 20+ of these things ( I give them away loaded with music, etc, for little "Thank You's". like TOKES. FDJ I have this in my phone and have for a few years. It works perfectly and I've never had a problem with any of the Kingston memory cards. Works as promised and comes with a SD adapter for digital cameras is you want. No errors yet. Does not come with plastic carrying case. This was a no hassle purchase with very speedy delivery but they used a box that two boxed sets of shoes could have fit into ship it in. Very fast delivery, the card was exaclty as expected. I insrted the chip and it works like a charm. All together a pleasant experience! Decided on a class 4 device for download speeds. Have it in a Blackberry. Works perfectly. I would definitely recommend a Class 4 card. works as expected I bought this for my phone. There's not really anything you can say about an SD card. It works, it's a well known brand, price is fair. I am using this for my Security Camera recordings. It works great and can be utilized in any adapter or device that handles MicroSDHC. These came in as promised and are exactly what we needed to add memory to our tablets. Great price, and typical great Kingston quality. I bought this card for my BlackBerry Bold. It works, what else can I say? It is about 7.4gb after being formatted, which was expected. For the price, it's great! My son does not keep the best track of things, and at this price, I won't be too upset if he misplaces it. Unlike a great many micros cards. Specifically thse do work with the roku 3. Decent performance inexpensive dive. What's not to like. Worked perfect in my ContourHD Helmet cam. I had to flash upgrade the camera's firmware but after that, the card functioned perfectly. I don't know how much differance there is between a class 2 and a class 4 but I like going for the better stuff that has a good price. Great little 4 gig card works flawless in phones, ds, and in wii. Bought over 18 so far, not 1 yet was bad . Fast read , write times. Was just looking for memory for my phone to store more data and increase my music files. Great buy and I still have plenty of space. So far it works great - I use it in my phone to store my music and I've had no issues after two months now. Couldn't beat the price. Adequate speed, good price fast delivery. Adapter is a bit fragile (Don't keep it in your wallet or the write protect will pop out). Does exactly what it says it does. Works flawlessly with my BlackBerry. The adapter makes transferring files that little bit easier! I bought this memory card for my Blackberry for more storage options and it has worked great for me! I would recommend it to anyone. So far so good...I really haven't had a chance to use it yet, but it was delivered as promised and packaged as it should have been. I have vista and the memory card works great! Couldn't be any easier.....Now I play all my songs to the girl who won my heart..lol I purchased this for my new Omnia phone. Gotta love it - 8GB in the size of your fingernail! Works fine and have had no problems. I bought it for my cell and it works perfect. Never crash. Also I bought 2 more for my kids. They are very happy with this product For this price, I should have bought 2. This card is super fast, and I have had no problems with it whatsoever. M3 Real. Buy it. No problems - justs sits there and holds lots of data in a very small form factor. Plays audio and video just fine. Kewl beans. Great product. Had no trouble recognizing this using my HTC Fuze phone. No issues what-so-ever, as always with Kingston products This works great. Good storage, good transfers, etc. I've used it in my digital camera for a while now with no problems at all. It worked as intended. I have been using Kingston products for years and will continue to do so for my needs that they can fill. Kingston quality memory at a discounted price. These are genuine kingston flash cards, they work great for your cell phone, etc. This works well with my HTC Touch and gives me the equivalent of an iPod Shuffle for a heck of a lot less. I recommend it highly. I bought this memory card for my G1 because I rooted it and it needs a class 4 card to run certain things. It didn't disappoint. This card works great..I guess. I really don't have anything to compare it to, but it works with no problems. Great price too. Works OK so far. Used in a garmin I loved this! Unfortunately something happened to it and i had to get a new one, but it lasted a year, which is pretty good. :) Bought this item for an Android phone SD card replacement and have had no issues at all since. Delivered and works as expected. but i don't complain becase it Worked in my BlackBerry 8310 & PS3 .... transfer speed is also good. life is good... must buy Shipped quickly and arrived exactly when estimated. Great product to have both pieces that are perfect for the storage needed. Works fine for flashcarts & phones. I have bought a bunch of these over the past year. All work fantastic and are plenty fast. It works, prompt delivery, good price. I really like the frustration-free packaging. On an item like this, what else to say? Could not use the adapter to read the card. Not sure it is the adapter or the card but would not recommend this product. Both items easy to use, great expansion with memory. A must for ensuring files being saved in the event of software crashes. Popped it right in and was instantly recognized as its full capacity! nice and easy and doubled my capacity. Great price too I really have been enjoying this product. I have not even touched the memory on it and I think I have like 300 songs on it. The 8GB microSDHC Class 4 memory card works flawlessly with my LG Swift AX500 cellphone. So tiny, but HUGE storage capacity! Ordered this along with my Nokia E71. I inserted it and it worked great, no problems. Fast shipping as always with Amazon. This hard drive is excellent acquisition for the backup of your documents, photos and videos, as well as for data backup. Well, what can you say about a micro sd card...it either works, or it doesn't. Mine works, and I am very happy with it. It works perfectly on my Samsung Eternity. No errors or problems with either the phone or my computer. Highly recommend! I bought this card for my Samsung Captivate and it was really fast for reading files from my phone. Although this is not the fastest micro sd you can get, but as far as using it on a phone, I have no complaints and whatsoever as I rarely use my phone to do any other stuff that is related to using the micro sd except for listening music and saving camera pics. If you are a real heavy phone user (execute a lot of apps from your card), I would recommend getting at least a class 6 card (phone support class 6), otherwise, this is the card for you as you will get the most out of your money for this cheap high capacity card. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! So far so good. Been a couple of weeks and no problems with the memory,. No compatibility errors in any of my devices. I boosted the space on my Google G1 phone with this memory and it works just fine. Now I can hold more music on there. I love Kingston products in general so this product was a steal when I saw it. Thank you for a great product Seller :-) Best quality for the price. I found someone else that needed a card and purchased together to allow for free shipping. Good product for the price. Loaded it in my Blackberry and it works great. Don't forget to format it or it won't work. I bought it for my best friend as a gift.She like it very much.I'm very enjoy this shopping.It was shipped very fast. undoubtedly improved micro card market, this brand has a lot of time doing this type of product so I recomindo widely. I have the mircoSDHC card in my T-Mobile G1. It works as advertised. As a bonus I love the frustration free packaging. Works as advertised. Purchased to extend the capability of my GPS. Good price, prompt service. Will gladly recommend. I do not get the same product as shown in this page. It is SCT and is a memory card instead of being a Micro SD card. Card works like a charm and comes with an adapter card, which fits fine in my card reader on my computer and printer. My favorite brand of SD cards. Love these things. Perfect for my galaxy S5. Plenty of storage for photos and videos! Very simple - it works as described. Was such a good deal I purchased 2 of them. Thanks for another great product. The 32 GB micro card lasted 1 year, 2 months in my phone. Then it died and took some of my vacation photos with it. UPDATE: Kingston contacted me the day after I posted this review and reminded me that all Kingston memory cards are lifetime guaranteed. So they are replacing it. That makes me happy. They also explained to me that Android and some of the previous memory cards did not get along, shortening the life of the cards, but this has supposedly been resolved. Let's hope so. Item was received quickly in a secure box. Item was as expected and works well. Would buy from this vendor again. I bought two for my CR-5400 adapter for PSP works great only con is write speed but other than that its great!!! :) Very happy with this purchase. Works perfectly with my lg optimus l70. Arrived in 5 days with standard shipping. Excellent Product,, does what's expected of it.. Now I can take ALOT of Picts with my Cell Phone.. Thanks Alot!! This is a great product...you can use it in its smaller size and then use the adapter...its just great all around! $20 for 8GB in my Nokia N78! Works flawlessly and transfer rates are around 4MB as advertised for a class 4 card. This was worth the money, and I received it very quickly from the vendor. I recommend this product and vendor. I bought it to use with my digital camera. I use the mini SD adapter and it works as it should be. No problems. I was concerned about this being a later generation card and whether it would work in my Blackberry - works fine. Esta tarjeta es sencillamente excelente funciona bien con mi celelular y es de alta capacidad, la recomiendo 100% I have to say I've been quite pleased with this card... not really much to say other than it works as advertised. Product as described, fast shipping. Gives phones the extra storage needed to use them like they should be used! I've used this in several notebook computers and cell phones, never an issue. I've been very satisfied with it. i bought this for my lg vu and my sister has one for here blackberry and my dad has one for his razor its great. Needed these for my Garmin GPS. The latest map upgrade needed more memory. They seem to work fine. No problems. Works as expected. Kingston memory seems to be very dependable. Would not hesitate to purchase again as needed. I use this in a Garmin GPS, so speed is not critical. Works great, and the price here on Amazon was excellent! The memory card was a perfect addition to my new phone. The price was great too. It was delivered very quickly. It's an SD card. If that's what you want this will work lol. I bought it for a camera so it will work well. :) Used this card in 2 different phones and many times during video playback it shows the error and video stops. Not much to review about a memory card other than it works as advertised! I'm using it on an Android phone. It's a great deal. Good product and cheap....but watch out if when you are buying sd card for a samsung phone! It works great with Samsung Eternity A867. I bought it for $20.99 in June 2009 which was not expensive at all. What can you say about a memory card that works?? It does just what I bought it to do, and at a great price. Just can't beat this for the price and shipping. Been using it for about a year and it's still going strong. Ordered a bunch of these over time and haven't had a problem out of a single one. Would definitely recommend. Now I can use my micro sd card in my desktop computer AND in my flatscreen TV as well. well worth the money! Works fine, loads fine, recognized in my Galaxy S3 just fine. Great price, great delivery ahead of schedule. well made and who can beat that price! have had it eight months and it's never failed me. I use it everyday. This unit arrived ahead of schedule. I am very happy with the purchase & would buy from this company again. the product is excellent everything was described in advertising and I was fully satisfied with site thanks It is what it is. I know 3 star reviews might not warrant much respect, but it really is just "OK". I bought this 8Gb microSD to download maps to my Garmin eTrex Vista HCX. Haven't had any problems thus far. Excellent product!!!!! It fulfills my expectations, I have not had any inconvenience with their operation. Great microSD, I gave it 4 because I just realize that the larger card was an adapter not another SD card. Sucks worked fine hade a lot of my content saved on it then stopped working phone reads no ad card mounted great little card, holds amazing amount of photos in my digital camera. Great card for cell phones as well Got this 8GB card for my HTC Incredible. Already half full with about 800 songs. Also plays videos fine. Used in 3 different cell phones. All worked great for storing mp3, pics etc... What else is there to say? This card was just what I was looking for and I got it at a great price!! Would definitely order it again. Got for my kids tablet. Put it in and it was immediately recognized for about 28 gig. Works fine for noe. It arrived in just two days, and it allowed me to expand my MP3 player from 4GB to 20GB of Music storage! I received exactly what I ordered so I give that rating because I am satisfied and happy with my product. Good storage! great product great price ! The package says it's a grade 4 but it doesn't on the actual memory card. So I will see how it holds up. I use this in a digitsl audio recorder I use for video production. It was cheap and it works. 'Nuf said. Great value. Works well. Have used it in multiple android phones. Only wish the Nexus 5 had an SD slot. I purchased this item to add to my phones memory /music storage. It works great with no issues to date. I bought this card for my htc HD2. It works as it should. Speed is adequate for video, music files. I bought my article without any problem, I recommend the seller as they are responsible and work faster Quick delivery, works great. Buy Amazon instead of market place seller when possible for best results. I bought this for my Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve and the phone didn't recognize the card when inserted. Amazing packaging so cute ordered Friday arrived Monday afternoon. Perfect timing. Perfect quality too The product arrived earlier than the estimated delivery! And it came as expected and in new condition! The card came quickly. I was able to copy music files onto it and see them on my phone. Works great! Great product at a great price. Use this in my Garmin GPS with no problems even at low temperatures. Works and came in a timely manner... Needed a replacement and this one is great... would recommend... The microchip works with my Samsung Propel phone and the adapter works my dell laptop. No complaints. reasonable price with good storage needed. works great. what else is there to say? thank you amazon. Works great with my LG and Samsung phones. Cheaper than buying a phone with larger storage capacity. Very useful. Messed up on me once. The card had somehow slid out. I pushed it back in, worked great. I use this in an Android smart phone. Works as it should. Lots of capacity for photos and downloads. The card works great in my Blackjack II. Though it is pretty slow, even as far as class 4 cards go. This was a good deal, as advertised, and processed very quickly. I would buy from this seller again. Nice SDHC card, I use it in a msartphone and it worlks very well. No issues or complaints at all! wow i was so amazed with the price also that it held over 1200 pictures and few ringtones love it I put this micro sd card in my new phone and it works great and fast shipping and attractive price. The memory and adapter functioned as advertised. The price was great and the delivery was on time. Works really good with my AT&T Tilt. Has no problems detecting it and also speed the Tilt phone up. this product is god, when you want the basics. for a micro sd card, and already have a card drive. Great Thanks This piece of crap just died on me this morning. (I've lost 16GB of valuable data because of it!) What can I say other than it's a good card for the money and it works well on my son new LG Volt. This Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash memory card works fantastic. It is fast and good size. Kingston Digital 32 GB Class 4 microSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter...; itme comes as described Great Product at a Great price , will always come to amazon when purchasing these micro sd cards great price for the memory size. I have my whole Itunes mp3 collection on my htc incredible now. great little invention. now I can even transfer pics from my old flip top phone to my computer Had a few mishap at first but the seller was able to respond quickly and was very helpful. A+++ Excelente producto, totalmente recomendado. Excellent product, totally recommended. Very happy with this bought 3 of them; will buy from again. works great in my phone and camera Careful you receive the correct item. I received a 4GB Memory instead of a 8GB as advertised. Bought this flash card to expand the storage of a Kodak digital picture frame. A great value. Great product for the price and shipping was really fast. Works perfect in my new smart phone. Installed the memory card into my Verizon LG Dare and it worked perfectly. No problem at all. 2 movies on something that is a quarter size of a postage stamp!! WOW! I must be getting old. Used this to save and transfer some pictures and had no problems with it. Great price for it. The product was not new I found bunch of pictures and songs in my phone. They sold it as new. Looks like I needed more memory for my Garmin. This lets it carry all lower 48 states update. It is a SD card, Does what it is supposed to. Got here in a timely manner and no comlaints. Bought for my new cell phone,good price and I can use adapter for my laptop. Would buy again. works well does what it was designed to do priced perfectly as I keep buying them! What can I say about a cheap memory card? Good enough unless you are doing intensive video. I buy this item to my Mom's camera a Nikon S570, works fine, a little slow, but do the job. Product works great in my LG Env 3 phone. Works exactly as expected and a good price to. This was exactly what I needed for my cell phone!! Great service & Quick shipping!! THANKS Great for the Bluetooth speaker. Can take my music with me and not need wifi to play them. Has worked great no flaws. Bought to of them about a year ago. No problems with either one. Excellent. Arrived timely and a great option with the SD adapter along with the micro card! Pros: -Cheaper than most places -Works darn well! Cons: -Easy to eat when I'm hungry. Thanks for the quality product and the quick delivery. I will shop with these folks again. Good price. Formatted in phone first and no problems transferring info from the computer. This order worked out perfectly. No complaints. I would do business with this vendor again. Bought this as a birthday gift for my son, to use in his phone. It worked with no problems. This memory card works well in the video camera that it is used in. I would buy it again. Does what is says. Works very well in my Motorola VE20. 900 songs in it now. I'm happy. As expected as expected Exelent didn't work Very good product, came a day sooner than expected. I am very satisfied with this project This is a card I used in my Garmin and it allows me to store many more maps. Works great. very nice, just make sure you have the rite product.Besides that I think you should by it product arrived when they said it would and at a great price. what more can you ask for? excellent product, easy to install ready to use. I bought it for my Blackberry curve 8300 El paquete no llego, y ya no se por donde ms reclamar. Me siento estafado por Amazon. Does the job as a basic SD card. Holds tons of pictures and videos at a very good price. Exactly what I was looking for at an amazing price. Works perfectly with my T-Mobile G1. This has been working as it should without any errors for the 4 months I have owned it. This card works great I love it. I have had it for over a year and it still works fine This memory card gets the job done. Not the best card out there, but it's a good price. Am enjoying it, received on time, i guess is because i was in California at the time. Bought this for my Mobius Dashcam, works great, but wish I would have bought the 32 GB did not need both micro cards really wanted smaller of two but could not find just one When buying this product please be sure to back it up often. After 4 months of having the sd card it quit working and erased all of my information. Quite a few things were lost when that happened, and I now know to keep backing up everything that I save onto an micro sd card. The lock keeps sliding to the locked position Other than that it performs as expected. I am using it with my Nokia E63. Works very well. Transfer speed is also very good. well packaged arrived in time plus the aticulo received was what showed me. excellent This item gave me a lot more memory so I was able to do more with my phone, loving it did what it is 'sposed ta do just fine.... quick delivery and all is as is should be. Worked well with my tablet but tablet stop working after one day.... boomer!!! So mad The service was very good and what I expected recibir.Muy good, keep it up, thank you Very useful 16 GB SD Card I use it with my Acer Iconia Tablet computer thanks amazon! Flash card gave me the ability to copy my cds and listen to them on my little player. usefull sd memories for cellphones and cameras. nice seller, greetings from Venezuela it's works great, it is very fast for data transfer and didn't give any trouble yet. I got it for my phone and it works great. Comes with an adapter so it made it easier. A very good card along with micro SD to SD adapter for a very good price. Recommended It's amazing how much can be stored on something so small!!! This is a killer deal!!! Kingston 8 GB microSDHC works fine and was a great price (<$5 as of Spring 2014). I've bought several. I never give 5 stars - always room for improvement Chip stores data as expected These microSDHC cards are handy for expanding memory. No problems using the adaptor. it is good product and meets all my expectations, I had during purchase of this item Great product. My phone really needed this product it has really helped my memory. all very well the only thing where it says adapter says China not like the photo .. Kingston has good quality, and this is no different. Good value, and fast shipping. excellent product very happy with everything and fast shipping thank you very much I have purchased this Memory card for my 8310 Blackberry, and it is working Great. muy bien!! works good EXCELLENT ITEM, FAST DELIVERY TIME AND QUALITY EXPECTED. FULFILLED MY EXPECTANCY. Works great so far. Reads and writes fast enough to run Raspbian with no problem. The memory was received in perfect physical and operational conditions, Thank you as described- big help to have the adapter so that I can use it in many devices It works beautifully, my daughter loves how much storage she has available now. I am not aware of how my dashcam would operate if I had not purchased this item. Great book in good condition! It arrived very fast! Thank You & You get 5 stars! worked for awhile then ended up damaged had to purchase another from the store.. Functions great like any other sd cards I have. What can I say... It's reliable! This was a steal. Works well with both my Droid phone and my hubbys Blackberry. Needed a replacement card in my phone and this one fit the ticket. No problems Needed this to get the pics off of my Samsung Huii Cell Phone. Worked Great!!! I use these in my trail camera they work fine very prompt delivery. no problems Not much to say about a memory card. The brand is well known about its quality. I use the memory card for my phone. It works very well (like I expected it to). For the price, one could not ask for more! I would purchase this product again! This is excellent option to save pictures, music and documents in my cellphone Flawless, better than that other name brand who's micro sd's die all the time. Great price for the size. Not much to say other then it works for it's purpose I haven't used the adapter portion but the micro card fits my phone perfectly. Fast delivery and works as expected. Love the free adapter that came with it. A++++....Great product and price. Received really fast! Thank you so much!! Useful, good price, works as good as any that cost more at department stores. Great performing micro-sd card. I use it in my Samsung S4 to store my photos. Haven't used it yet, but I have no doubt it's going to work just fine for me. Great complement for the low quality keychain camera sold together with this. microchip came as advertised, works great. Vendor service was great, quick. I bought this for my Garmin GPS receiver to expand the memory. It works well. Great storage but the cost of shipping was also higher then the Chip it self. Product arrived in a very short time. It works well and the price is great Needed this for my little Magic Wand scanner. Fast, great service! Thanks! Great item, my mom likes it and that's all that matters..it's for her phone. This card did not work AT ALL!!! It arrived in a generic package. JUNK!!! It remembers what you put on it, I think that is what it is supposed to do. the more it can hold the more you can take pictures of your grandkids. lol. I've owned this memory card for only two months and I have nothing good to say about it. First of all it wasn't nearly as fast as a class 4 card ought to be. Secondly, it has since crapped out and stopped working properly. Of course that wasn't until after I had taken some precious pictures and can now not recover because of the crapping out. I would NEVER buy a Kingston card again. It tried numerous times but it never worked, no wonder why is it so cheap A*************************************** THE BEST YOU CAN BUY . It's great. It works as expected. Worked out of the package plug and play. well it does what it says it would do! so dont think about it and buy it! Excellent Muy Bueno excellent excelente I LOVE IT Excellent Kingston makes a good SD card. I own several and have never had an issue. Did the job I needed it to. Used it for imaging a Raspberry PI Linux O/S. Got this to go with my daughters phone. Arrived fast and is as described. product worked as I expected and I got it a day sooner than was expected. It's exactly as expected, well packaged and protected in shipment to me. It does exactly what its supposed to do. What else am I supposed to say? worked fine at beginning and then withing a week started causing trouble It is pretty good. I got the product after a couple day of order. Great! The card works great in my LG Dare phone. I was worried that it wouldn't work because I couldn't find anything on the phone saying that it would take microSDHC (high capacity) cards, and I had read that SDHC cards most likely won't work unless it is written on the device that they can use microSDHC cards. But fortunately, it works just fine. The shipping was fast too. I purchased this item for our LG Shine Cell phone that we have. My fiancee uses the phone for work and wanted to put some music on the phone and pictures. This SD card was inexpensive and holds a lot of music and pictures. It works perfectly for what we purchased it for. I wouldn't hesitate to purchase this item again. As it does exactly what it is suppose to. Met expectations. Works (so far). Nothing to rave nor complain about. Got this for a Samsung Caliber and it works great. No problems at all. This worked great for my trail camera! Easy to use and a great price! Works as advertised. Being used in a GPS unit. No problems thus far. I bought this for my N78 and the only way to describe it is: AWESOME! Woks perfectly and gives me more then enough space to store everything I need (which covers mainly music, apps, and documents). No problem while using it on my laptop's card reader. The Class 4 characteristic adds an incredible value since the speed you obtain for writing is pretty good. these ratings are truly from my experience for the above named items. As advertized. flash memory either works or it doesn't. This one did. its fine, but it's REALLY SLOW. But i guess you get what you pay for. Just what I needed at great price. Will order more to have on hand. I ordered several. They are working fine and I appreciate the price. This is exactly what I was looking for. Delivery was very quick too. excellent quality, fair price, prompt delivery. what else can I ask? Bought this for an MP3 player. No problems, works just as expected. Fast delivery great for the price would shop with them again 5 stars It is what it is and does what it was designed to do. Good price. I bought this for my phone. It worked very well and was easy to use. Definitely not worth my time or yours. It worked fine for a little bit and then started getting corrupted files. I originally bought this item to expand work space on my galaxy phone to record memories of my neices. Don't waste your time if you don't want to lose precious memories of loved ones (like my neices first time at Disney land) I couldn't recover the files (movie clips, pictures) and lost just about most of mines! STAY AWAY. Update. I was trying to salvage the files that I could but turned out to be all corrupted by the time I tried to email or drag onto my laptop. DEFINITELY YOU'LL REGRET BUYING THIS! Seriously, I do not advise anyone to purchase this. I currently have the same card in my phone as we speak...bought this one because storage is running low. My phone, nor camera will even recognize the card. It literally DOES NOT WORK. Ionly went with this brand becaude it was one I trusted....never again will I purchase anything from this company. Save yourself some time and money...the few extra bucks is worth it. Spring for a class 10 on these cards folks. They are much faster and transferring movies and music will be a breeze. This card works fine, but it's quite slow. Card was purchased in March of 2013 for use in a Galaxy S3. Less than a year has passed and it has officially died, is not recognized by multiple phones and computers (cross checked with other MicroSD cards to verify that the reader is working). If you are using this card for digital video, make sure you get the right class for the camera you are using. It works as expected, I was having to many delays when using this in my camera. When it was working it was fine. But the mnin continue sliding out saying it was full when I know it was not. 's really on my endworks great, no problems, whish i could have gotten one with a little more storage but that; Cheap, works, nuff said. The 16 word requirement on comments is stupid. Am I going to write a damn essay bout a $20 SD card....really. If I was only going to buy on SD card this summer...this would be and was the one. I hope your proud of yourself amazon :( With this micro SD card I definitely do not have to worry about running out of memory on my new Blackberry Z10! I can click away with my camera and save all the photos on the SD card; upload music; save documents....etc. Having an external memory is great. don't waste your money...never heard of this brand before and it was cheaper than the rest. as the old addage goes you get what you pay for Bought to put in my phone. It has been inserted, but I haven't really used it yet. Want to put some music on it. There's not too much to say about this. For the price Amazon sells it for, compared to the big box stores, it's almost a steal! But that's not what the review is about. It's about the product, not the other unrelated attributes. As a Class 4 card, it's not as fast as the newer Class 6 or Class 10. But for photo taking or lower resolution video capture (both of which are probably the main reasons for this card, due to its small form factor), it'll be just fast enough. The added SD adapter to fit the MicroSD card into is a great touch - another nice addition compared to what you'd buy it for in the big box stores. Unfortuantely, it is missing one of the nice plastic SD card holders that many SD cards come with. But if you've bought a number of SD cards for various other devices, you may already have some of them out there you can use in its place. I did have to knock off a star for that though. All in all though, a great buy! When I first ordered this product I wasn't sure if it would work, but after I recieved it I was very pleased. I bought this for my new smart phone. 14G is still a lot of space, and considering the price I paid for the micro-SD card and the adapter, I can't really complain. In all fairness, I didn't look for any hidden files or folders which could be impacting the capacity, but either way it doesn't really matter. Just know if you order this product, you can expect satisfaction--if you don't mind having to work a little for your extra 2G. ;) Great product. Fit in my Garmin eTrex HCx GPS device without a problem. Would buy from seller again. Good going! Item appeared to be a fake, as it quit working very shortly after receiving it. Thanks to Amazon for refunding my money promptly. I would not buy from this seller again, as item looked different then the actual item. I had real memory card to compare and could see the difference between a real and fake item. Beware of this seller! The casing sleeve printing did not look correct like a fake item would. New camera would not format the card. I also tried in another good working camera: it would lock up both cameras. Also would not format in Windows 7 to fat32. The MicroSD card also was not the same as a real Kingston MircoSD card. The shell was different cheap fake! price too good to be true. The memory card met my requirements but the original package was opened. It is questionable was it a new part or not. I did not use an adapter, so can not comment on it. Hope it will work. This is my second order from Amazon on Kingston 32gb card, and once again the card doesn't hold data on my Motorola Atrix phone. I have a 2gd SDC4 from Kingston and I have no problem with it. Beware! Bought this to replace my failing Sandisk 8gb Micro SD card. Works flawlessly so far and helped me know it wasn't my phone that was having issues. If you like to watch movies on your phone maybe a 16gb is what you want but for music, pictures, and video recordings. 8gb is plenty. Card is built well, name-brand and seems like it will hold up well. Phone I'm using it on works with the HTC Aria. This card also comes with a micro to standard SD card adapter so you can plug it directly into your computer (if you have a card reader) which is a great feature. I purchased it for my brand new mobile. -- This card came to me in a small flimsy plastic box instead of described "Retail" box. My suspicion started. -- The printing on the card is bad enough to show it's fake. for example, a word "Ta wan" is written to deceit quick customers that it's made in Taiwan -- My mobile doesn't recognize this card whereas my pc (inside sd adapter) recognize it. Whereas other original 8GB Kingston card is being recognized instantly. I am returning it. Amazon listing has this card as a retail packed item, but if you buy it from any of the marketplace sellers, like I did (to save on P&P), there's every chance you'll end up with a loose card & adapter, in the little transparent plastic holder/box. The authenticity of such cards is anybody's guess. My previous similarly bulk packed Samsung 8GB, class 6 micro card is a typical example - card died after roughly a year of sparing use. It now no longer writes data but I can read the stuff that's already on it. So my advice to anyone on the lookout for one of these cards - pay the xtra few bucks & get the retail pack which will last you a good long while, not to mention the peace of mind that comes with getting the real deal for your money. I've now bit the bullet & bought the retail pack with the USB adapter, directly from Amazon (if you're like me & hate to pay P&P, the obvious tip: buy it with another Amazon item to make up the $25 & avoid the shipping charges on both - which is what I ended up doing). Kingston Digital, Inc. 32 GB Flash Memory Card SDC4/32GBI tried everything to get the card to work. I was so disappointed. I night a new one from newegg.com and it worked with no problem and I could not get a return on my money from amazon. Purchased 4 of these devices for several devices, all 4 of these failed in each device. I knew even before using them something was right with the packaging as NONE contained a security seal and in this day and age I cannot believe Kingston didn't have a security seal on these. I went as far to contact Amazon since all 4 acted the same way from two different sellers. If you copied over 2GB like clockwork it would fail every time. DO yourself a favor and "stay-away", look to scandisk as these worked great. I purchased this card for an HTC evo 4g phone and had problems after about a week!! It worked at first but then files I tried to load on the card like mp3 and video files would be corrupted on the phone when I would try to access but would work fine on my pc. after about a month of use it will not mount and it will not format in phone or pc!! Beware of this seller pacman85 he has not answered my attempts at contacting him about this. I have a hard time by-passing a good deal on SD cards. Great brand. Great card at a great price. A bit slow but still the price is win. the price is great and the item is even better, you can't go wrong. it works, it arrived on time and it was budget friendly. nuff said. Still working fine. I use it in my cell phone for music and photos. Arrived on time, works great, good price even cheaper than Walmart. excelent Great price, works as expected. No complaints and would buy again! Food device I got no problem using it with my GpPro Hero 3 Camera. AS excepted - It is a very good item, and the price is reasonable. Excellent card and great price, delivery was on time. I recommend! ADDED TO GLAXALY SAMSUNG PHONE WORKS GREAT FOR ADDED PHONE MEMORY. All 4GB of this card recognized by my Garmin Legend HCx without issue. I've loaded out 24K TOPO maps for the southern half of California along with the City Navigator Maps for the entire United States and still have ~1GB of "room" to spare. Kingston has always been 100% reliable for me in whatever device I'm using their memory. Bought this for a low end Lumia 520 and it's working great in it. I bought an 8GB Kingston MicroSD and I couldn't get it to work plugging it straight into my computer or phone. It recognized the card, but couldn't read from it or even format it. Trying to do anything with the card caused the computer and phone both to lag very badly. Waste of plastic--I won't be buying any more Kingston products. its was a necessary addition and came in a package. easy peasy. Works great and perfect for my needs in my Samsung note 2 phone. Used it to put loads of music on the card and works beautifully. Works like a charm with no problems with my LG Volt. Very Happy! Great product and fast shipping.Great product and fast shipping. Working great in phones, easy transfer to computer with adapter. 8 GB for this price. Enough said. Very happy with this purchase. This is an awesome product! but before purchase make sure you have the correct adapter! this is HC micro-sd meaning High capacity, and its a slightly different format, so normal card readers wont work on it, make sure you have readers compatible with High Capacity ive managed to use my digital camera as the reader, lol I did use the Kingston 4 GB SDHC im my Nokia E71 cellphone. Over and over it lost its information. Replacement card had the same problem. I do consider it as an unstable card that better can be avoided. Great product, great price! Glad I bought it. I worked great. all work really good and i may do all i want with it. tank you! Great Love it, works perfectly, have no problems with it so far excellent, very good, very responsible, the product quality is got it for my garmin and i have been happy by its performance. Good SD card, tested for stated capacity and it seems coorect. I love this, it works for me. Will recommend seller to others. I think you need one in your T404G for more memory. Semper Fi. product is exactly what it says it is have no problems with it I like this item I take many pictures and it does well for me. It has a lot if space to use plus it was a great price for it. Exactly what I was looking for. Great price and fast shipping It was slow to format on my Roku 3. But it worked good on it. Good finishes. meets all the descriptions given by the seller It fits in perfect onto my phone and detected in a flash.... What can one say it's a micro card, fast shipping fair price most of them is good i like them th last two phone are grate works well with the phone. I great SD card to start off with super segura ya la tengo en uso son puntuales os recomiendo Read/write switch is very loose. I fixed it with some tape. Works great in my Huawei Ascend Mate2 phone. No complaints. Exelent gracias ok fine Arrived promptly. Exactly what we needed at a great price. Perfect for my phone and the amount of music I put onto it Great product, great price. Not much else to say about it. good product, fast service and for a low price, I'm happy. lost many videos on this sd card. would not purchase again would buy from again would recommend to friends and family Well Done. What I ordered great price, and fast delivery. GOTTA HAVE IT AND THE MAXIMUM STORAGE AT YOUR FINGER TIPS works great on my phone, so no complaints and thumbs up. the worth of all it don't work and i'm very disappointed Good product, good shipping, will update after some use. recieved both on time and they work great and good price Just what I needed for my portable scanner. Works great! I bought this card for speed for my nook color, for music and video...seemed to be fast enough at first. Then I burned a honeycomb android boot disc for my nook on a san disc 4gig class 4 card. worked great fast and prefect. So I decided to put it on the kingston 16g class 4...horribly slow so slow it crashes every application you try to open. I have reloaded it and reformatted it still fails to give me the speed advertised but the space is there. Guess it's going in the trash at this point. I then burned the same image on a PNY 4g class 4 card and it works great also...The problem is I didn't read these reviews first...I looked at the price and the 4 stars on the order page. Not sure how it managed that many good ratings unless it was just a huge lot of bad disc. I will never by kingston again....it get 1 star because it is 16 gig. even though its only shows 29.8 gigs still works finely Love the increased speed! Makes file transfer a breeze. it failed in less than 3 months, it was a piece of crap It did what it is supposed to do at a reasonable cost. Recieved on time and works well with phone and camera i am using it in my tablet, its working properly good. excellent, tremendous purchase. There was contetiempos Working fine, awesome storage, and packaged well also. Very useful and has high amount of storage for a 8gb. it works very good, It was what I needed for my phone The adapter stopped working after a few months. Lame. Does a good job of exactly what it is supposed to do! Good items for reasonable price. It arrived in time. TF memory either works or it doesn't. Mine is fine. good memory pity me that the phone came with default Excellent product and presentation of much guarantee I haven't started using it asyet but it should be ok Fast shipment and excellent product at a fair price! Comparable,fits and works. Extra storage is a must. It is exactly what I wanted and the price was great Bought this for my tab 3. Works great. No problems. its ok Normal No problem with micro sd card. worked as promised. This is the one to buy. very fast and priced right Worth getting because it will hold a lot of music! Excelente producto. Responsabilidad en la entrega. Great for that person who is ALWAYS taking phone . Great item. Exactly as described. Arrived quickly. Had to reformat it. Other than that it works fine. Great SD Flash Card. Got It For My Wife's Tablet. VERY NICE, NO COMPLAINTS,, MEMORY WORKS VERY FINE It does what it's supposed to do, so far so good. Nice Quality micro sd using it in my mobile phone Happy with purchase, Transaction went smoothly!. Very happy. Best price I could find at the time. Great product, just as described. Fast shipping. Does what I expected it to do. Highly recommend. Just what I needed. Great price. Fast shipping. I like this it works great for my samsung phone. thank you greetings from Venezuela 100% positive This is a fast card and it worked great... for 3 days. After that, my computer couldn't recognize it, even using 2 different card readers. I bought it on amazon but through [...] and [...] is being very helpful in getting me a replacement. excellent product and service, highly recommend Super fast and dependable. What more can I say. Great. I received just what i wanted. Thanks... Holds all my vidios and pictures in my phone:-) great purchase to give extra space on my kindle Fast shipping, the right price and works great. I received everything I wanted so :) I'm happy. it works. used in acer tablet and android phone works and came as expected well worth the money No problems, I always trust the Kingston name. Excellent. Fast and efficient. I recommend it. excellent product works very well in Venezuela works great in my car stereo for what I needed Just bought this for my HTC EVO. Quite happy with the speed of this card. Copied files from old card over to the new one and just popped it right back in. Phone is running quite smoothly. Here are the test results running 5 tests of 1GB each using a USB card reader: ----------------------------------------------------------------------- CrystalDiskMark 3.0 x64 (C) 2007-2010 hiyohiyo Crystal Dew World : [...] ----------------------------------------------------------------------- * MB/s = 1,000,000 byte/s [SATA/300 = 300,000,000 byte/s] Sequential Read : 16.889 MB/s Sequential Write : 9.970 MB/s Random Read 512KB : 16.392 MB/s Random Write 512KB : 1.652 MB/s Random Read 4KB (QD=1) : 3.636 MB/s [ 887.7 IOPS] Random Write 4KB (QD=1) : 0.015 MB/s [ 3.7 IOPS] Random Read 4KB (QD=32) : 4.554 MB/s [ 1111.8 IOPS] Random Write 4KB (QD=32) : 0.015 MB/s [ 3.7 IOPS] Test : 1000 MB [M: 0.0% (0.0/14.9 GB)] (x5) Date : 2010/11/02 19:14:52 OS : Windows 7 [6.1 Build 7600] (x64) Everything I could expect. Good fulfillment. I use it with my Nokia 521 and so far so good Got the work done, cleared 2gb off my tablet. it is a micro sd caed it worked so thats good I like it and would buy for this seller again I have been using this sd for about two months on my samsung galaxy s3 and have not had a single problem with it. I easily copied and pasted all my files onto it, popped it in my phone, and it has been good ever since. excellent article fulfilled the expectations It is so small, and so good to use. Phyllis It works for its intended purpose...transfer So far so good. Great price and convenience. It's a micro/SD card. Good as anyone elses. thanks so much, just what the doctor ordered I love it's amazing. Great price and storage Great item, great price, works like a charm! fast shipping, works great at a great price. Does the job for my constant data transfers. 100% recommended excellent very good product love the price and work great for my camera. Very fast shipping, Great product. Thanks!! Good buy, for my mp3 player (a sansa clip+) It arrived in time. Works as a chip should. Great product can't go wrong by buying this Wonderful flashcard, as Kingston always is. for my cellphone. good price. great product I've tested in cameras, tablets and laptops Arrived right on time. Item is as expected. Fine. Great "100 % recomendado excelente producto Very nice, I like it, it work perfectly... excellent product, thank you very much ... Works fine, quick delivery and fair price. received item as expected, good packaging. Not much to say, it works and no downside. Works as described. Decent transfer speed. Well packaged. They are working very well. Excellent product. original good quality. Great Price Fast shipping , As advertised Died on me after less than a year of use. So far so good it seems to work very good Excellent product, I recommend it widely. It's what I wanted and works as expected. Works just fine in my ASUS ME302C tablet. The card I received will accept 32GB or writes but only the first 2GB or so can be read. I am suspicious that this is not a genuine product but will revise once the vendor provides a replacement. Great Item for the Price. No complaints. Excelent Product. high capacity. Excelente Producto.. 100 % recomendable. Good price. Works great in my Samsung S3 Just what I needed and at a great price. cool and fast memory, i love the adapter Put over 400 pics thru it with no issues I have a few Kingston devices that work real well, but this little piece of plastic is totally nonfunctional, doesn't work, nada. I'm glad I bought a 'reader' device at the same time, it works. Received it in 3 days. Work perfectly. excellent delivery, thank you very much Great memory card for an awesome price. This micro card is everything promised. Very good but not 16 GB , Only 14 GB . it's great, it works perfectly till now seems reliable and nimble. Lotta uses. Great product great price. No problems. They worked great, and are pretty fast. Simple and usefeull, what was expected. Good product, Easy and quick delivery. Working great in the kids MP3 Players! Kingston is great !! never any issues. Works great and for the price why not. Excelente product thank you very much Good...cheap...love Kingston products great micro card for my android phone Works as advertise, great price great product!!!!!!!!! came fast!! :) hi i want to know if I buy 8 cards sent to me in one package?? or separately??? what happens I want to know the value of miami cost me my country. question thanks Work great and at really good price. happy with the item. will buy again. 100% recomendado, excelente vendedor Kingston makes the best micro drives all delivered meet the expectations. stores stuff what else do you expect Excellent...haven't had any problems excellent product and 100% reliable excellent product and 100% reliable This is cheap af. lol great product The order was received as promised. Nice memory card with a good price. great item for the price im pleased Seem to work just fine for my needs it works, i have 29.32 GB available Necessary extra memory for our Roku It's a Kingston, I'll say no more.. Works good... No complain at all... good product, delivered in a timely excellent product, totally grateful I don't know what you can say about a memory card, I guess all I need to say is that they work fine, they are Kingston's, so they are reliable, and that is about it! goog good Good Good completely satisfied with delivery Just as advertised. Great product! Perfect, meets all my expectations Kingston always making good stuff! work wonder with BLU Studio 5.0 II Item was as advertised. Good item. Excellent!! Do what it has to do.. It's an SD card... what can I say. Very good attention and prontitude It did a good job in my new phone. Great price! Cheaper then Costco. Excellent for daughter and myself. Excellent product. I recommend it. I am very accordant with purchase Delivered on time and works great Good product for a excellet price No fuss, no muss and easy to use. Did the job and was a good price. It does what it is suppose to do. VERY GOOD PRODUCT I RECOMMEND IT. Good price and works as expected. Great, everything ok ... good buy It does what its suppose to do... EXCELENTE PRODUCTO GRACIAS AMAZON Excelente Memoria, full funcional Works and received as promised ;) excellent product 100% functional Perfect for my new Surface Pro 2. Excellent! Exactly what I wanted! Great back up SD card and adapter 16 GB very good, price is right working great in my hubsan quad. What can be said? It works fine. goob exelle i am fron venezuela Great item at a wonderful price. Great quality, 100% recommended! excellent product, delivery time Excellent, everything I expected Works great. Just what I needed. It works, what else can you say. great price!!!!!!!!!!!!! love it no longer recognized by my phone No problems at all. Easy to use. It is usable fulfill my purpose. i put it in my phone no problems Simply superb..got right in time Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4/8GB Worked great right out the package in my Treo Pro. Speed is great. good for holding pics and music It works, not much else to say. Great product, would recommend. Works like you think it should! Great product, very satisfied!! The items and service are great excellent price and works well. Nice works in my canon camera. they work for a while then quit not enough time to evaluate it. Excellent product for the price The MicroSHC was a good buy and a good deal for me. I don't have to find a adapter becuse it came with on so I feel I got a tow for on special. It works really well with music for my sansa fuze and it works very well for all of the features of my Garmin Nuvi 265 wt for maps, music, etc. Fast write speed. easy to use. todo excelente / all excellent cheap, sizeable, and reliable. Working just fine over a year. Works great in my Galaxy SIII! i love it. I want more of them excellent everything thank you Excente producto, gracias..... excellent product, recommended Nit much use . Have it anyway. purchase fulfilled as promised Works as described very good! mini sd card with and adapter It was exactly what excepted. Came quickly and works great! very happy with fast shipping Received quickly, works well. works great in the cell phone Great price, works perfectly. I bought eight received seven Works as advertised, love it! Excelent device. brand new... quick delivery, great product like these alot very helpfull The sound output jack went bad in a month. Tried numerous sets of headphones with no luck. Definitely not worth the money or headache. completely satisfied Jerry.P great upgrade for my camera! Just what I was looking for. Works perfect in galaxy s4.. Great quality-fast delivery. Excelent product, nice price Great product, fast shipping It does what it supposed to. Works as described.. Perfect No complaints. It works well very good quality. Thank you Cheap price. Reliable brand. Perfect for task as required Works perfectly. Good price. Worked great then we lost it Great product! Great Price! Best bang for your $$$$$$$$ good price and good product Good product for the price. Good product. Good service. always going with kingstone work good on my cell phone good deal, these micro-sds. Fast shipping, good product Came on time. It's perfect. Good products.. Thanks superb product, recommended Great product fast delivery Fast shipping, works great Works as it is supposed too I use this card for extra storage in a Sansa Fuze mp3 player. I've had it about a month and it is working smoothly so far. Works just like it should. i remember it working well perfect for what I needed. Great microSD for the cost Very nice for smartphones. Excellent, would recommend Works like its supposed to Room for lots of pictures. lots of little memory cars Good device and low price. Does the job. Good price. this is crap it don't work PERFECT, JUST WHAT YOU BUY Works great with my phone. i love it and ship quickly Excelent..!! Very good..!! +++good price and shipping very nice, right price... Died in less than a year. the troducto is excellent Great product, works well good item and good price. As advertised ... thanks! excellent product. safely pretty good,and i like it i am using all these item It is what it says it is. No issues, great product. It works just for a month good price, fast shipping Can not use all my stuff. This was the best deal I could find for a class 4 16GB card. Quality brand. It's working flawlessy, as expected. Good price, nice product Work great no problems. Works great as expected. Nice Item, Fast shipping Great capacity and speed best deal on and sd card, have not had any issues with this card will buy again, used for mobius action cam I use this card in my Nokia 6555. I have used Kingston memory products for years and never had a complaint. very comparative price. it works and was cheap. Good price, good brand. I recomended....is good Muy bueno, responsable! GOOD PRODUCT RECOMMEND. Recomendado Excelente . thats a thing i want it perfect - as advertised Kingston is the best :) Kingston is the best... great value and service the SD card works fine as expected :-) tried on many devices already. The adapter is also very useful . Great. Worked perfect. perfect for our phones excellent recommending good for the price.... All worked as expected Good card, great value this are good MCRO SDs Performs as it should. excelent! good product Typically good product Holds over 1300 songs. exactly as advertised. Good card. reads well I am really satisfied. Excelente producto :) exactly what expected Excelente producto... Great and as describe exactly what I wanted excelente recomendado The BEST of the BEST! love it, fast service Cheap sd card like it Didn't last very long Carries all my media. Exactly what I needed Perfect for my camera so much pirated music i like it very useful good product. perfect worked out of the box Good quality product. PERFECT IN EVERY WAY. Good item, Thank you. THE BEST REALLY FAST Amazing Flash memory fits the description worked like a charm. Works as advertised. it is work very well Does what it should. worked like a champ! Excellent product !! Works as advertised. Cheap and good value it worked great!!!! Excelente producto! Excelente purchase. Excellent as usual. EXCELENTE PRODUCTO, They work perfectly Just what I wanted. Muy buen producto!! Excelente producto. Works as it should. Excelente producto. works as it should! Best price vs value I am very satisfied Excelente producto. Works as advertised worked good for me, Great price. Thanks Worked out perfect. As good as SanDisk. Works well. no problem. used it on my sidekick lx phone. it's been maybe a year now. Bought 2 Micro SD cards for Christmas for use in LG phones. The SanDisk works perfectly. This Kingston doesn't work. No computer can access it. Bad product. Stick with a better brand. Works as expected. Just what I needed EXCELENTE PRODUCTO Just what expected excelente producto Works as expected. Works as expected. have a blessed day De gran capacidad. Everything is good Cheap and it works Good no complains. no complaints here My friend loves it Got what I wanted. Excelente producto Works as intended. Good quality card. excellent Thankyou Very good quality. Good for the price Works as expected. Worked fine thanks EXCELENTE PRODUCTO Does what it's supposed to. Using it in my LG Dare and haven't had any problems. ok I like to know about this order because I don't know if it comes to my Address in Doral, Florida. And I like know the number of tranking. Thank..!!! I am not intending to criticize Kingston as a company, Amazon.com, or this product, but Kingston and Amazon have a problem that is not of their own making. Suffice it to say, buyers should beware, there many Kingston fakes out there. I'd be happy to hear that you can get a genuine 32gb Kingston MicroSDHC for under $30, as I've heard that it is an excellent product, but I am not willing to shell out $30 only to discover a fake. Shame on those who sell fake products and I hope Amazon and Kingston find some ways to curtail or discourage such activity as it also needlessly hurts their reputations. Lame. Everything is Ok! 100 % recommended Excellent product Very good product excellent product Excelente marca!! Excelent product! Item as described excellent product buenas muy buenas just as described needed for phone. Very good,thanks! works as defined. NOT BAD, THANKS Muy buen producto Good as I expect. The best quality. Excellent product muy bueno gracias I lovet it thanks don't remember it very good product excelente gracias Excelent product! So powerfull item excelente gracias Just as expected! Good price, thanx just as adverized excellent product Good purchase. Good price. You can put lots of music on this; enough that you do not need to leave home. It will play all kinds of music. But sometimes the bass is "woooow" like a stomp is going on in the house. It can get pretty scary if there be a storm going while you have headphones on and all of a sudden - bang!!! and lights flash!!! and it was so loud in the headphones you cant know that it was even out there what if someone was trying to sneak up on you??? you wouldn't know until it was to late that is why they tell you that listening to music to loud can hurt you-watch out for this and this will be a purchase that is pleasing to you Awesome product. Works just fine. Everything ok!!! Works perfectly. without comment, Work as expected Great product!!! happy with price Great product !! All Excellent... Does a fine job. GREAT Just great Just what needed worked just fine Buen producto... thanks excellent Memory card was DOA. Phone would not recognize it, failed to format. Plugged into my laptop to try to format, laptop locked up until the card was removed. Thanks Excelent Pleased so far. Excellent thank Work perfectly. it fit the bill Great purchase! Product Quality Good Product... Great Thank you will buy again Is good quality IT WORKS GREAT is great value price is right I recommend it nice very good great product. Great Product! no complaints. As advertised. Worked for me! Great product! Very very godd Excellent item Great product. good thanks... Best buy ever. very slowwwwww price is right great and fast great product. Great for pad Great product it is so good Buen producto todo a tiempo everything ok GREAT QUALITY great product Asadvertised. is what it is As advertised working great Works Perfect Buen.producto Recomendable. Perfect item. Worked great. Good product. Everything ok Excelente.... As advertised a great value tarjeta buena work with all With this memory I can take thousands of pictures on my digital camera - Even on the higest quality(which are not good to email) you can take 900+ pictures. Now I need more battery life to keep up with the number of shots I can get Works Great! Seems great. recomendado! muy buena..! No Complains No problems. As described It was great Great works. Great Price! No problems. As expected. Works great. Good product Excelente!!! goob memory, Good product Works great. Does the job Best Product buena oferta Good Product excellent!!! Does the job very good!!! Great price. worked great good product Great price! thankyou. :) just perfect I attempted to use this disk in a WM 6 phone, and the phone kept "losing" the card, and eventually the card had to be re-formatted. I'm giving it three stars because I don't know if it is the phone or the card. I am having no problems with a Sandisk 2Gb card in the phone, but the Kingston 4Gb did not work. But perhaps the card would work with a different device. It seems to have no problems when used with a USB adapter card in my Vista machine. This item is for the use of my new Tmobile g1 phone. I love this SD card because it is class 4 and its a 8GB. It very important to buy a class 4 and up and not a class 2 because when you watch video out of the the phone the video would lag. The price is the best compare to a year ago. I was looking for the 16 gig and there are very over price. t It works... good device excellent!! Works Great Great card! no problems Very good!! works great Works great No problems Works great Works great EXCELLENT!! Works fine! Works great Great price did the job Works great Works fine. Great price Good price. works great works great Works great works great as expected Work great. A++++++++++ muy bien!!! Great price great price exc. thanks work's well works good. It was fine perfect !!! I chose a 3 star rating because this SD card did not work on my phone. Although it has the storage capacity, for some odd reason my apps will not save to the card. Unfortunately, this prevents me from knowing how well the card truly works or if its defective. I purchased it long ago and have just lived with it :/ It was still a bargain compared to buying it in the store, but maybe I got what I paid for. Bottom line is that it works. I am however, concerned with the weight of the plastic on the adapter card, are these really made by Kingston? - they just seem way too thin and flimsy. That said, it does take a while for a pc or Mac to recognize the card - and when it does the icon flashes on the GUI for a few seconds(flickers). Doesn't exactly seem right, but it's working today. I hope it works tomorrow. I have a Sansa Fuze MP3 Player. I had an 8GB card in it that was filling up. So I bought this to replace it. Worked like a champ. One potential negative is that I find that my Fuze's battery is draining ever so slightly faster than it was with the 8GB. It's such a small difference that I'm not even sure it is actually occurring but it seems that way to me. It really is very little difference though. works fine Good deal, Didnt work Excellent! Very good. Verry good GOOD PRICE very good. Excellen.! Works fine Great deal excelentes Good price Excellent. muy bien.. Functional Excellent! Does work. good price good value Excelent!! Excellent! Excellent! Good buy . works well good to go Good P&A!! great deal Thank you! Works well excelenete Great deal Excellent. works good Works fine excelente I bought a 16GB card... it registers as a 14.4GB card... I needed the extra space so I used it anyway. Great memory card. Worked instantly on my Sony Tipo phone. I would recommend the Kingston Brand to anyone who needs a microSD card. I really don't know how to use it so it did me no good. I couldn't figure out how to activate it but I assume that is my own fault. Excellent article came at the indicated time. I am very happy with the item for a reasonable price. Really it is very satisfied and recommend your purchase. Really, the material and design left me happy. I ordered this memory card for my Grandson. We received it when expected. When my Grandson inserted the card into his IPOD it fizzled the pad. IPOD was sent into the (it was new) manufacture to see if they could get the IPOD to work. The manufacture responded saying the IPOD was not repairable as the chip, which the manufacture said should of worked, had fried the IPOD beyond repair. My grandson is 17, very knowledgeable about electronics. The manufacture of the IPOD confirmed he purchased the correct product. My grandson is now saving money to get a new IPOD. CAUTION; DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!! Not really. But I guesss iit. Serving. The purpose. Temporary. I just didn't. Feel like paying. To send it back and using allmy credits. But I need mimb Just an FYI....this is a waste of money. Do not buy. (And this sentence is B/C I had to add more words for this to post.) 32 GBs don't have that much move to film as I thought but these sd card spit my films and have it on two different as if I filmed it twice..but its ok for a kind of short filming not good for long filming.. The geniuses who create Amazon have found out how to keep you shopping. . . They have removed the "Check Out" button from "Show Cart" page! Now, your ONLY choice is "Continue Shopping"! Brilliant! You must SHOP at Amazon forever, but you are never allowed to BUY anything! Wow, why didn't I think of that? nice produce keep it up.it came on time and just as described .will still buy more from you when I need it This purchase of a Kingston SD 16GB micro card was a counterfeit according to kingston would not hold the data, very unstable, could not trust it. The company who allowed the sale should be locked up in prison. There should not be given any stars for any rating for this sale. I gave it 2 stars because I paid for32 GB of memory yet I have access to 29.3 GB of memory. I would like 32 GB of memory. Unfortunately, I didn't find out until almost a year later when I decided to load up my tablet with videos that this card can only hold about 4 GB until it malfunctioned. I urge everyone else to steer clear of these 32GB drives! My suspicions were confirmed with h2testw: Warning: Only 31979 of 31980 MByte tested. The media is likely to be defective. 3.9 GByte OK (8284128 sectors) 27.2 GByte DATA LOST (57208864 sectors) Details:0 KByte overwritten (0 sectors) 0 KByte slightly changed (< 8 bit/sector, 0 sectors) 27.2 GByte corrupted (57208864 sectors) 0 KByte aliased memory (0 sectors) First error at offset: 0x00000000fa8fc000 Expected: 0x00000000fa8fc000 Found: 0x0000000000000000 H2testw version 1.3 Writing speed: 3.81 MByte/s Reading speed: 10.6 MByte/s H2testw v1.4 First the good news: I got it one day early, two days after ordering it AND I got it via USPS. I have never seen the post office deliver something so fast. Unlike most reviewers, mine came in original packaging and unopened. No formatting required. At first it didn't work on a PC I use just to store files on. It did however work on my main PC. Downloading was effortless. Some noticed slower than expected speeds but I thought mine was very acceptable. Now the not so good: Only 14G.....not the advertised 16G. Not the end of the world but that's a lot of info not being able to transfer. Disappointed, yes but when reading the other reviews I guess I got lucky, very lucky. All in all I'm happy but considering I have to give up 2G just to get a quality product when so many got zilch is ridiculous. I will not buy a Kingston product again because of this. Two stars for the omission of memory and not as advertised expectations. Four stars for the insanely fast shipping. As far as chips go, this one serves the purpose very well and it was not overly expensive. The adapter is useful if you need to transfer data into your computer via chip. You can't beat the price online when you research pricing throughout different stores or websites. Bought this for my cellphone and I barely have used half for all my pictures, music, and apps. Received the item very fast. Had no issues installing the item and it works great with my Galaxy S4. I am also able to switch it between phones. So when i put this in my phone it said 14.52 GB instead if 16. i dont understand why that was. I only gave it 3 stars because it actually works. Cant be bothered to return it. I haven't used the USB yet but it did come with both the memory card and the adapter. It even came in a little plastic case (like they do at the store). I have a Galaxy Ch@t mobile that requires the micro SD card and it works fine with it. I'm only giving 4 stars as i have yet to use the adapter so I can't say how that works. I didn't really price shop, hoping Amazon was fair. I put some tunes on it, but haven't tried the adapter. We received what we expected with this purchase. Appreciate the detailed description. There is nothing unusual to report. Would buy again if needed. I ordered a 16GB memory card and got a 16 GB memory card. It came on time and I had no problems. WOW THIS 8 GB IS THE BEST FOR ALL MY MUSIC AND PICTURE , SOOOO BIG FOR MY PERSONAL USE. I HAVE A LOT MEMORY LEFT ON IT STILL.SO I CAN TAKE PICTURES AN ABUNDACE SO BIG ..THANK YOU GOOD PRICE AND NOT TOO LONG WAITING I chosn the rating because it protects the kindle from being scrstched in the hsnd of my special daughter.who loves playing games on a tablet. the ad said that the sd is 19gb but the one I got was 14.6. talk about faults ad. What I could of saved on 1.4 gb. This memory card stopped working after a few months of basic use. I am disappointed with this purchase and I would not recommend it. I trust Kingston. I've had a flashdrive from Kingston for 6 years and it's still working great! I'm using this memory card on my phone so it gets alot of use. I wanted something reliable and this one is it! It doesn't work and never has since receipt. Would never buy item again or recommend item to anybody else to buy. WORKS AS DESCRIBED. KINGSTON'S BEEN IN BUSINESS FOR A WHILE AND I'VE ALWAYS HAD EXCELLENT RESULTS WITH THEIR LINE OF PRODUCTS the card i got will not work in any phone i put it in. i would have never thought amazon would sell entirely worthless junk i would return it but don't have the packaging and address anymore. i wasted $12.00 on this Computer now will not read this card. I lost tons of photos, and important info. Don't buy this. Spend a few more dollars for a quality card. after just a month of using it, it stopped working my phone can't read the card. Don't buy this its a waste of money. the product was exactly what i needed,it came in good timing aswell,but it was bit annoying that there wasnt any tracking coming along with it,but all in all,was good. As you can see on the description of the porduct it supposed to be delivered as stated "with SD adapter" which of course did not.. First time I need to use it and found out it is "not working", past the return date and unable to ask anybody. I odered a 10 SDHC flash memory card at the same time; although it has a different brand I am afraid that it will happened again when I need to use it. Defective SD 32 gigabyte card. Just bought my new Samsung Galaxy S4 and tried to Transfer my files and photos to the SD card and it wouldn't accept them. Went To my phone company to see if my phone was messing up, shocking to me, the phone was great, it was a defective SD card. Out of the money, seller claimed it was new,but the package was opened and resealed . I will never buy from them again. This item never properly worked for my GS3. It wouldn't playback my music and would crash at least once a week. Nothing would ever save on it because I would constantly format the card. The sellers were not help when I asked for an exchange. In my opinion they are purposely selling a deffective product to con people out of their hard earned money. I don't reccomend you purchase this SD card from this seller. Probably the worst item I've ever purchased online. DON'T but it I have yet to buy but I contacted amazon and the agent stated that there are two kinds of packaging you can get a frustration free one where you don't have go through opening all the packaging. Or the standard one So that's why some of your packages came with a regular case instead of that Fort Knox casing that normally does. The memory was not inside the box. unfortunately I could not tell what happened. Thank you very much. Alfonso Liloia Fast delivery. Translate Russian English Spanish Detect language English Russian Spanish ??????? ????. Good price. Translate Russian English Spanish Detect language English Russian Spanish ??????? ????. Good price. Translate Russian English Spanish Detect language English Russian Spanish ??????? ????. Good price and fast delivery. Works as it should be, in my GPS. This item came very well and as expected I can have a sd according to what is required and what was waiting on the weather My dang puppy chewed the heck out of it but the price was unbeatable.... I'm sure it was have full filled it's job as a memory card for a Galaxy 3 It was an error of Amazon to charge my Credit Card for this order. An unauthorized user had phishing my account data and change my original email. It was delivered without my permission This item was delivered well but the only problem is that the item was wrong. I ordered the kingston micro sdhc flash card and received a sandisk thumb drive. For the price of the item it doesn't make sense to send it back. Very disapointed. to be honest they really give you 7.28 gb so its not as much as you would think you payed for therefore thats why its less Great for downloading and storing just about as much as you want on a android phone. These are a perfect gift as well since they were purchased for our kids android phones that we gave them and had to remove our 32 GB memory cards. Oddley, the microSD with std SD adapter is cheaper than the regular SD of the same capacity. Have had success with these cards before so dopn't expect any issues. Bought two of these in May for mine and my wife's phones. Both cards have completely died in about 3 months, lost all our pictures. Will try some other brand next time. Put it in an android phone, need to format. Works great so far. Speedy to me, although I don't have too many files. I RECEIVED VERY SOON IN PERFECT. FAST AND CHEAP. I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY S3 GALAXY AND WORKS GREAT This is my first micro flash memory card and it works. I'm using it in a Samsung Galaxy Note and have no problems, no slow-down and the tablet recognizes it without a hitch. I bought Kingston digital 32GB microSD flash memory to use with Samsung Galaxy SII, it Works nice in this device. thank you for the extra storage! this works perfect with my galaxy s4 phone! just what i needed! thank you This item came in as described. It works. There is not anything wrong with it. What more can I ask for? I was pleased with the purchase. It was as advertised and the cost was reasonable. Amazon prices save $$$$ and is ultra convenient. Can't get the device to find the card. Don't know if it is the card or the device. Guess I will have to try a different card. It took 6 weeks to get it from China. When I got it, it was used one. Inside of Micro SD, there were pictures and files already. When I installed it, only 1.6G of 8G was working. Formatting and checking did nothing to fix. Very disappointing purchase!! Do not buy it from this dealer. I haven't used this card yet I have been to busy to move my data to it. Maybe today if I get time. It's difficult for me to review something like this because I expect the experience to be rather seamless in my life. Suffice it to say that it arrived when it was supposed to and worked they way I expected it to work at a price that was within my budget. No problems at all. product works OK put but it is not a real Kingston product the adapter looks real but the micro sd card has no name on it. shipping was free and SLOW - i think it took 4 to 5 weeks to get here. Performs as expected and very durable, also it comes with the adapter so I can take my pics on the camera, remove it, fit it in the adapter and straight into my laptop! I am very disappointed about this mc. I ordered two pcs the other one is damaged.i jus wasted my money! Producto nuevo de paquete, llego a Venezuela en perfecto estado, buena calidad y la mejor relacion precio - valor, muchas gracias! We received the SD card on time and the packaging was good. It was a good purchase for my son's tablet. He needed it for more space to download games. Nice Card, Works good. ab cd ef gh ij kl mn op qr st uv wx zy aaa, bbb. ccc. buen producto originales saludos, recomiendo a este vendedor y el tiempo de entrga fue el esperado Good Good Good Good Las tarjetas son de muy buena calidad, tienen almacenamiento suficiente para lo que necesito y llegaron a tiempo como lo necesitaba I have to say, I have had some rotten luck this last 6 months with phones being stolen and MP3 players going schitzo on me. I wanted something affordable and was willing to wait the extra time I thought it would take to receive the memory cards from an online dealer. The fact is I received the cards before I received my new phone and even improved the memory on the temporary phone solution I purchased for emergency call. These cards are reasonable enough I ordered an additional 2 so I can rotate my selections and media stored on my MP3 player and phones. They ROCK- Hardcore! Anybody I hear of needing a solution - quick or otherwise I am recommending these cards from this seller. Yes I could have gone with larger memory but who really uses more than 8 gigs at a time? And that coming from a part time web designer, game writer and EHR specialist! These Flash Cards are necessary for clothes hooks and other instruments for some protection. Glad I bought several and put them to use. I bought it about two years ago so the price was higher than these days. But it worked fine for a long time satisfied. We don't know if its the right one for IntouchId irulu tablets. Maybe someone could tell me how to use them. 1 2 3 4 54 6 7 8 9 0 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 10 0. 1 more word SOLO QUIERO EXPRESAR MI ATENCIN POR LA FORMA COMO SE ME DESPACHO ESTE PEDIDO,REALICE UNA SOLA COMPRA EN UNA SOLA FACTURA Y SEGN LA OPERADORA TRANSEXPRESS QUIEN ES LA ENCARGADA DE TRAERME MIS PEDIDOS ME COBRO EL VALOR DE TRES FLETES, UNO POR CADA MEMORIA ALGO QUE CONSIDERO ILGICO,TUVE QUE PAGAR $40 POR EL TRASLADO Kingston, in my experience, has fairly good QA, and this purchase did not mislead me. Both the card and the converter work perfectly. Bear in mind when you purchase flash memory cards that "4GB" is, of course, 'technical' gigabytes, as opposed to 'real' gigabytes, so when you format the card, you will end up with less space than 4GB available on it. vendedor serio responsable y puntual, producto original. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter SDC4/16GB Grate Love It. y y y y y now, this little thing is like most others . the size of this is little thing holds more then it looks. its size is easy to lose. I need this for my car record device. so far so good. hate to write so much lolololo l 0p l NICE GADGET, vERY NICE, FITS WELL, COLOR MATCH, WORKS FAST , NICE GADGET, vERY NICE, FITS WELL, COLOR MATCH, WORKS FAST Really, it's just a micro usb card, I don't know what else to say, but I need 3 more words. el producto llego antes de lo esperado, excelente servico y es exactamente igual a lo que se ve en la foto de la tienda, muchas gracias. BIEN ENVIO RAPIDO EXCELENTE SERVICIO USO PARA CAMARA CELULAR ADAPTADOR PARA CUALQUIER EQUIP DE USO 'PERSONAL O PARA UN REGALO me gusto mucho el producto y lo califico de esa manera por haber recibido el mismo a tiempo y en perfectas condiciones, se lo recomiendo a todo mis amigos y familiares. gracias Well I don't use this anymore becuase my nexus devices will not accept it. It does still work and Its an okay SDHC. I would buy a class 10 if you're putting this in a phone or a tab. I like the storage capacity of this particular card. I was thinking about getting the 32 gb, but 16gb is more than enough for me. It works really great and the transfer speed is really fast. I can move a half of a gigabyte in about 20 seconds. That's pretty quick to me. I just love this SD card. I did a lot of reading and this is the best. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for some extra space. La recibi en el tiempo establecido y la he utilizado tanto en mi celular como en la camara fotografica y la PC y todo ha funcionado con exlente calidad Me siento satisfecho haber hecho negocio con uds, Muy buen trabajo, excelente tiempo de entrega, pieza nueva como lo ofrecen en la pagina no dudo en recomendarlo, y me gustaria trabajar otra vez con uds. This produt is AMAZING!!!!! It is extreamly cheap($5 at the time of purchase), free shipping, and work right out of the box. It only too 3 days to ship; which is extreamly fast considering it shipped from accros the country. Definitely worth the $5 dollars (compared to $15+ at the store). I will strongly recomend this prduct to anyone. I will purchase a lot more in the future. Within a few days of ordering this product, it arrived in the mail perfectly packaged. For the price and customer service, I will buy from this vendor again. This worked perfectly, a great purchase..holds alot on it doesn't take up to much space. UNTIL....I removed it from my laptop to store it. When I put it back in my laptop it no longer worked and so I actually lost EVERYTHING I put on it!! Sigh I tried it over and over again but with no luck. Then I decided t research it and see if I coild find a solution. Turns out this is a regular occurance with this item and there really is not much to be done about it. Please, do yourself a favor and purchase another means for storing your work/documents etc. Save yourself the heartache myself and countless others have already experienced. After owning this card for 6 months. 1) Phone runs slower with card 2) Phone occasionally crashed (didn't happen before card) 3) Card has mounting errors. It works and (on speed tests performs above class 4) I haven't yet lost any data but it causes worry. Buen producto. Recomendado 100%. es econmico y de buena calidad. An no me ha llegado, pero ya he comprado memorias de ests antes y las recomiendo. Soy de Maracaibo. Saludos!!! I bought this 8GB card for my Motorola Atrix 2 and it works perfectly. I am using it to save my music, my Android applications and my pictures. There still a lot of space left. Class 4 speed is fast enough for my use but recommend Class 6 or higher if you want more speed. Good product. Fast shipping. I read some reviews about the capacity of the product, it's a little lower than 16gb, was like 14, but still good. It's ok, it's the same price than in other places, but the 71% of discount is a lie. it's just the regular price. I BOUGHT THIS 4GIG TO DOUBLE MY MOVIE TIME & DID WHATS IT SUPOSTE 2 DO....I NOW GET 50MIN. INSTED OF 22MIN. W/ 2GIG Now..I understand no memory card, flash card, etc is going to be the FULL amount of memory listed, but 400-something mb short of 8 gigs? come on. I can see if it was 200..such is typically what I've ran into but this was a slight disappointment. Oh well, it was fairly cheap and yes I would recommend it There is absolutely no way this is a class 4 card. I bought this for my Sansa Clip Plus since I'd lost my previous Clip plus with 4gb micro sd card--when I replaced it, I decided to double the memory & purchased this 8gb card. It just took me 10 minutes to transfer a 55.0 mb file to this card. This came shipped in what appeared to be authentic packaging (wish I'd snapped a photo but didn't) but who is to say that this isn't actually a fake. After 2 months with this, I'm ready to return it for a replacement but am not sure if Amazon will let me. Buyer beware. Le coloqu esta memoria a mi nuevo Nokia E63! Es una gran memoria, excelente marca y la recomiendo 100%... I placed this memory to my new Nokia E63! It's a great memory, excellent brand and I recommend it 100% ... Could not get this chip and adapter to work on my computer. Chip worked with another adapter and checked out OK. This worked with my computer, but not with my LG EnV Touch. After getting it, I did some research on google and found that this size and brand micro SD card is not compatible with the LG env touch. excellent excellent Excellent excellent execelent excelente Excelente buenisimo EXCELLENT Excelente Excelente EXCELENTE excelente Excellent Excelente excellent It works. very good ecxelente it works! Excellent excellent excelente Excellent Excellent exccelent i love it EXCELENTE excelente Great buy it a card EXCELENTE excelente excelente Excellent muy bueno excelente Excellent Excellent Excelente Excelent! excelente Excellent thank you very nice EXCELLENT Very good Excellent MUY BUENO muy bueno Excelente Muy bueno Excelente Excelente excellent excelente muy buena Very Good buenooooo VERY GOOD Excellent excellent Excellent EXCELENTE muy bueno Excelente excellent Excellent muy bueno Excellent excelente EXCELENTE excellent EXCELENTE excelente excelente excellent It works. Excelente muy bueno Excelente muy bueno Very good excellent muy bueno Very good VERY GOOD excellent Excelente excellent very good very good Muy bueno Excellent Excelente excellent very good excellent Excellent excellent EXCELLENT excelente very good Muy bueno good deal Very Good Muy bueno EXCELENTE excellent Very good very well very good excelente Excellent I LIKE IT All good! excelente EXCELENTE Excelente excellent excellent Excellent Excelente excellent Excelente I like it excelente EXCELENTE Very nice Muy bueno excelente excelente excellent excelente EXCELLENT excelente very good excellent im kind of dissapointed, trying to copy music over to device and its going at 1.5mb... taking forever, this is not what the memory card is advertised at.... The microSD Card and adapter were received quickly, however, the microSD card is a HC and the adapter a standard SD, not compatible with an HC card, I returned the item for an exchange, and received the exact same thing. Amazon was great in processing a refund, but was disappointed with Kingston for overlooking this "minor" detail. I bought this to use in my Nokia 6263 and it worked fine but when I tried to use it in my camera or read it using a card reader (both operations needed the use of the supplied adapter) I couldn't use it at all. Obviously the card is OK but the adapter is defective so I've returned it for a refund and I am going back to sandisk. I bought this SD HC card for my Blackberry Curve 8830. My Curve instantly recognized it and has enabled more pictures and videos to be stored on it. It automatically stored pictures on the card without any input from myself. I know, it's just a card, but it's worked out of the box, and I am VERY pleased with this card. The Micro 8GB Micro SDHC card works great. I put it into my phone (windows mobile 6) and that was that. It was recognized with about 7.4GB. I wanted to format the card before putting all of the intended information and data on the card. Unfortunately I could not do this because my SD Adapter did not work. This may not be a problem with the adapter itself rather possibly a windows/dell problem. I put the 8GB SDHC card into the SD adapter and tried it on 5 different computers (each of them were Dells and running windows xp/vista, and had a card reader). I put the adapter w/ SDHC card into each card readers and as I tried to access it through "My Computer" the computer would just freeze until I took the Adapter w/ SDHC card out. It DID however work when someone from my school campus put the SD Adapter w/ SDHC card into a USB SD card adapter and plugged that into the computer. Unfortunately I didn't have the permission (administrator) to format the card at school leaving all of my previous efforts futile! Im giving this product 3 stars only because of the adapter. The 8GB SDHC card is just fine, works beautifully. But if the adapter won't work with windows xp/vista I am going to guess that it will be completely useless for the majority of people. exelente Loved it excelent good buy excelent EXCELENT Perfect! exelente EXELENTE no doubt good one all fine Perfect. exelente Exelente Love it. all fine like it! Perfect! Love it. exelente loved it Excelent Love it! excelent cool :) exelente exelente muy bien exelente exellent Love it! Perfect! excelent Excelent exelente excelent MUY BIEN PRACTICA muy bien all good Excelent EXCELENT Original Perfecto muy bien It is OK It works alright for pictures, but if you're looking for something that will take high quality videos, look somewhere else. The SD card automatically stops the recording after about 10 seconds at most, and you have to start recording all over again. I probably won't be using this in my DSLR anymore. Wonderful product. Have not had any issues at all. The frustration-free packaging is DEFINITELY worth it. Very good buy for the price and Kingston is the best. Best suggestion is to always buy the SD with the adapter. Never know when you want to plug it into the computer or use it for a camera. First one I ordered didn't work. Sent it back for exchange. 2nd one didn't work either. Sending it back for refund. This transaction has taken several weeks. Next time I'll just go to my local store. If what I buy doesn't work I can return it the same day. Why is amazon selling this junk? Works great with my 9630 BB, and the price is good. Very happy with it. Without this card ur bb can't hold ur picture and when ur getting a picture on a BBM Group you can't save the picture or send and with this card you can since its saving there. Good Micro SD card! GRACIAS Perfect perfect AWESOME perfect it's ok love it Thanks. perfect love it Gracias great!! Ok item Exelent Perfect EXELENT it's ok is good Love it not bad Love it chevere perfect lost it Perfect Perfect perfect Exelent like it Perfect perfect like it great ! perfect perfect gracias this worked fine with my env2 and 4 gb is perfectly adequate for the average occasional picture taking phone user like me. the price was good, although I am astonished that they actually charge more for the minimalist 'frustration free' packaging. Price gaugers! I bought three of these cards. All came out to 7.2GB. For an 8GB advertised card I can understand 7.7GB/7.8GB, but 7.2GB is NOT an 8GB card. This is pretty poor advertising and marketing by Kingston, more so false advertising. Very unhappy with this. exactly what i expected. I don't know about transfer speeds because i didn't test it but the card performs well so far. I now have 16GB of storage on my phone! Packaging is no hassle. It came in a manufacture sealed thing but was extremely easy to open. all ok Great! thanks THANKS its ok worked Great! Thanks Great. Useful buenas thanks Bien!! Great! ist ok Good? Great! I USE THIS FOR MY CELL PHONE AND I WAS ABLE TO LISTEN TO ALL MY MP3 SONGS ON IT. THIS WORK GREAT ON MY SAMSUNG PHONE. SO FAR I DID NOT RECORD VIDEO ON THIS PRODUCT, I WILL RECORD SOME VIDEO TO SEE IF THIS WORK AS WELL. This "Class 4" card was soo slow my Kodak m590 asked for a faster card to record hi-def video. I got a sandisk "class 4" card from best buy and it works fine. The speed on this card I would have to guess is false. The only reason I did not give 5 stars to the camera was that WIFI did not work with my android phone. Wish it worked with my laptop PC. Other than that, I am very satisfied. Great front screen for self portrait! Kingston made in Taiwan are very slow and unreliable. Make sure they are made in Japan. buena great buena great great Great Bueno bueno Bien, Nice! buena buena bueno GREAT super good. bueno fino! great Great Happy great good. great works Good. Good! good! works great buena AFTER READING THE REVIEWS I ORDER THIS MEMORY CARD AND SO FAR ITS BEEN WORKING VERY GOOD HAD NO PROBLEMS YET AND CANT BEAT THE PRICE.DELIVERY WAS QUICK I WILL RECOMEND IT!! excelente memoria, muy rapida, y te la manda en un pequeo blister, lo que no me gusto es que el adaptador era marca sandisk, pero la memoria si es original Good Good fine GOOD good good bien good Good GOOD good good Good good Good Good Good BIEN bien Good Good good good FINE Good good bien good good good good nice Good good good good Good Nice good Good GOOD bien OKAY Nice Good GOOD good good good bien good Good fine Goog good bien good good Good NICE Nice good good good good okay good good good good good good Nice GOOD good Love this products! It works perfectly, it came on time which i do care a lot for that! It came well save and it was what i expected !! I really liked this until I lost it. This thing is small guys! I can't believe I kept up with it as long as I did. sumamente buenas pues hagan una nueba oferta siempre mirando los presios sobre la economia que estamos viviendo ,grasia Works perfectly. Reads/ writes very fast. I have over 600 pics on my card, loads them all to view instantly!! -Droid X These mini SD cards are a pain to deal with, this one comes as a set with the full size SD adapter - very fair price. Works great. Haven't had any issues it so far. I use it on my tablet, camera, kids devices, phone with no issues. I can't use big Micro card. So, I don't know why I need this Big Micro card. Only the smaller one can be fitted Could be a little cheaper but with the cost it works for my budget so all in all I'm not complaining about it. bad yes Bought this GB microsd to go with the phone that bought for my niece and works great download music, pics etc this is my first class4 sd card, and it is somehow faster than my class2s. very stable since i bought it. Purchased for my smart phone, copied all files off old card onto the new 32GB card. All works perfect. You can never have too many Micro SD Cards laying around... Cell phones, AceKards and Cameras rejoice! nothing special. works fine. i've been using it in my samsung phone and my garmin gps. does it's job Excellent product, as we say in the posting, good stuff. I'm very pleased that I give them 5 stars. I always get everything I need from Amazon-Price is lowest of anyone, products are the very best!! The MicroSD card works fine, but the adaptor does not work, causes computer to stop responding. Ok its fake. Big whoop you are paying about a 10th of the standard high street price what do you really expect? Sorry but people on here play so dumb. It works fine if you are using it for low dependency things like a cell phone. Don't use it in your high end digital SLR. Don't mean to sound grumpy but there are a lot of moaners. Go to Target and buy a genuine card for about $30+ bucks. problem solved. Very good price and very good delivery time (2 days). I would order from them again. all good I picked this up for my EVO and so far it is doing exactly what I wanted... ;) OK Ok Ok Ok ok ok =) ok ok OK OK OK Nice value for the price, no problem with instillation or useage. Excellent product, I am very happy with my purchase. Thank you Not compatible with the Sansa Fuze MP3 player. It causes the player to hang. I also noticed inconsistent playback when I tried using this for video in my camera. Definitely not what I would expect for "plug & play" high speed memory cards. I ordered this memory chip to use with my smartphone, my phone is an HP ipaq but an older model, so I tried to use this chip in my phone and it did not recognize it. After some research I found that the phone can handle up to 2 gig maybe 4 with the older style chip. This new HC style chip is designed with more capacity but wont work on older models of anything. I was upset that it did'nt work with the phone, but I put it into my camera that I got for Xmas, and since then Dec2008 until now April 2009 I have used it non stop and have yet to run out of room or storage on this chip. k wasnt adaptable to my camera Yes its working good fine working memorys worked just fine. Its The only thing on the list in my orders, that i never received and imagine, it has no "File a Claim" button, beware! Finally recieved Well the Amazon online help finally sent me a new one as soon as I explained what had happened, imagine UPS saying it was delivered when it wasn't. I have been using this in my mobile phone for awhile for Music, Videos, and Pictures and I could not be happier. It works great on the PC to transfer with the adapter too. Excelente 100% Good product This memory card lets you save pictures and music from your phone, and then transfer them to your computer with the adapter. However, my phone has weird file types, and it's more of a hassle than it's worth. Ring tones don't even transfer over for me. If you don't use your phone as your media player and camera, it's probably not for you. Nonetheless, it does what it claims. works great See u again I should have known better than to buy anything labeled "KINGSTON." Dont buy Kingston, buy Sandisk, or literally anything else. With no warning, this card crapped out on my. I lost all of my backed up data and photos that were on my phone. 4 or 5 gigs of video and pictures lost because Kingston sucks. Like I said, I should have known better. I guess now I know why it was so inexpensive. I looked at the photos intently before ordering these devices for any indication of being made in China. The photos show no indication of this. Yet, the devices I received all have the words "Made In China" stamped prominently on the front of both the adapters and the Micro-SD cards. In the past, I have had nothing but problems with Chinese made SD cards losing data or renaming the files on thier own to something not recognizable by the computer, and non-erasable. Products made in China tend to be inferior, or illegal knock-offs of the official devices made in Japan or the USA. I do not trust these are the real thing. The battery does not last at all when using the recorder and the secret door broke off the 1st day Received this and started using it it says nothing's on it but it read 14.6. Totally not a full 16 even if I had got a 15 gb I would of been even happier. Totally misleading 16gb card. Otherwise works fine. Reached in good Imelda also. recibiendo el producto en excelente estado. gracias recibiendo el producto en excelente estado. gracias recibiendo el producto en excelente estado. gracias luego de un mes de estar usando era microSD an no me ha dado ningn inconveniente. Estoy satisfecho con el producto. I bought 4 of these SD cards because they were rated as class 4 and I needed class 4 or better. I am using them with DVR's I could not understand why I kept getting jumpy jittery video on a card of this speed so finally I tested the data rate transfer speeds with three of the best programs out there. To may surprise I could not get data transfer speeds any faster that 2.50 ms and also got several measurements as low as 2.1ms after 30 separate tests. When averaged out the speed is not even close to class four. So once again I have gotten bogus merchandise form amazon and as a seller myself have resold to my customer this crap. My time in valuable and I value my customers even if amazon does not seem to value their customers. I will write amazon once again and tell them I have received another product other than the one advertised. Oh buy the way I bought another class 4 card and a class 6 msd card from another vendor and did not have the same issue with video recording. Thanks Amazon Update I sent this review to customer service and got a response from Hari. D. asking me what I had done to make sure the products were defective. How obvious does one have to be to see that Hara D. Best wishes did not even read the email or the review. It's nice to know that ones emails ends up in some far away country where they think all Americans are stupid and where their management feels that if they save Amazon a buck someday they can come to America and be a true capitalist. I hope Hari D get promoted for keeping his or her numbers up. Thanks Amazon for not taking care of this issue. I asked Hari D to pass my new three paragraph email on to someone who really cares. I stopped using Amazon awhile back because I kept getting merchandise that was not what it was advertise to be. I thought I'd try them again and see if anything had changed. Now I get to waist more of my valuable time in some far away chat response room where the email will most likely just die. USA used to stand for something other than Stupid uneducated Americans. As several have stated here about this item, most people have no clue what they are buying. All one has to do is look on the net as there are thousands of merchant wanting the business. Amazon would do well to remember this because new companies are born out of need everyday. Maybe Hari brother was the lucky one who got my job at United Technologies Mosktec.... Best To you all THIS IS AN UPDATE...... Amazon has chosen to make this purchase right and deal with the issues via the feedback I left. I hope they follow through and do as they have committed. Please test your purchases form any manufacturer as most of these devices are now made in china and get mislabeled or are not made to specs and sold as better made storage devices than they are. Vendors don't always know this unless they are informed. There are many easy ways to test, get what you pay for because the next application you use these items for may not work as well because they will only work well with specified speeds and storage.... Best I bought this Micro SD card for use in my HTC EVO 4G, and I couldn't be more happy with how it has performed! The fact that it's a class 4 card means it jives even better with the Snapdragon processor on the phone, and for the price you pay, I would challenge you to find a better deal. You will not be disappointed with this purchase. Excellent! Awesome!! excelente excelente Very Good EXCELENTE excelent Was ok so so Amzon i ordered this for my son he did real good in school and i got him a Verizon Droid he is 7 and he is unable to play some of the games do to not having a memory card. I told him if he gets A's for a month i will get it for him. And i had him watch as i ordered it and every day we walk over to the mail box open it up and i look down and see his sad face. It makes me look like a jerk Junk, that's all I can say, should have know the price was so cheap, shame on you Amazon for selling this junk, not worth my time sending it back, that's ok I'm sure you need the $$$$ more than I do, should have read reviews before I purchased it........ Error writing file 'E:\1.h2w', offset 0x0. It is still possible to verify the test data written up to this point. (The request could not be performed because of an I/O device error. Code 1117) Warning: Only 3715 of 3763 MByte tested. Writing speed: 0.00 KByte/s H2testw v1.4 Returned this item to seller, still I have not received the refund, please refund my money asap. Thanks Syed Nice I have no idea why, but this chip did not work in my 1 year old phone. it worked fine otherwise though. I couldn't use this card as my phone only takes a 4 GB, so they are sending me two fours. Ok, this is the 3rd scan disk I've ordered for my blackberry curve. Formatted them and loaded them up with my music, pictures and so on. After about a month everything fell off and when I went to load everything back, my computer wouldn't read it anymore. Kept saying put in disk when the disk was already inserted. Has anyone else had this problem? I went to another brand, bought from Walmart last night, loaded everything up so now I'll wait and see what happens. Help if anyone have any input, please let me know. I've had 2 8gb's and one 4gb's by Kingston. NOT A GOOD PRODUCT FOR ME. THIS HAS HAPPENED IN THE LAST 6 MOS Thanks, El producto lo recib en muy buenas condiciones y me parece muy bueno. se recominda el articulo Kingston 16 GB Class 4 MicroSDHC Flash Card with SD Adapter SDC4/16GB Yeah, title says it all. Kingstone is one of that brands you can always trust. Everything is excellent about this card. Returned the defective card and received a SanDisk card in its place which worked perfectly. Never had a problem with a SanDisk but had a problem with this card. I NEVER RECEIVE THE MEMORIES FEDEX SEND IT TO ANOTHER ADDRESS. AMAZON AND FEDEX ARE RESPONSABLE AND I CANT CONTACT AMAZON PEOPLE AND FEDEX PEOPLE SAID THAT I HAVE TO PICK UP THE MEMORIES IN THE WRONG ADDRESS The adapter on this item doesn't work. If you go to plug it in to the computer it doesn't show up in one of the drives. The memory card itself works in your phone, but the adapter doesn't. It can store files in 8GB MicroSDHC..but you cannot retrieved it, I use different kind of flash reader, I use different adapter and nothing happen. still error. I made a mistake and brought two of these items thinking this is what the little computer needed to work...I was wrong i have never got my stuff and am waiting to get my money and i havent heard a thing this is wrong. Kingston is a dependable brand and one of the few that I will purchase. But when the shipping cost is greater than the product you are not getting a deal. Amazon has a way a making you think that you are there prices are cheaper, but when you have to pay shipping cost on each item ( even from the same vendor) there is no savings. I can't review the product as I never received it. Told it was lost in the mail, and when I asked for it to be reshipped, they would not send it to the same address and refunded the order against my express wishes. Avoid eTech purchases. Users with samsung galaxy s phones beware, the external micro sd card slot does not work properly, and so when it is plugged in the music player will not work properly. Once you switch to a new music program it works well. The card then got caught in my card reader slot in my computer, meaning that it jammed that even though it was originally in the adapter (I must not have put it in far enough, and so i guess it just came out). I then broke it in the process of it getting unjammed. This doesnt really matter interms of the card itself though hence why its still 4 stars. I recently bought this, and was pleasantly suprised when I could not use it in my MP3 player and computer, which is what I bought it for. So now I have over 8 gigs of unneeded space on my camera. Just make sure to check the device you want to use it in is able to hold HC cards. It sucked for me, but still a viable product. I ORDERED MY STUFF 35 DAYS BEFORE BUT I DID NOT RECEIVED MY STUFF. I FEEL VERY BAD ABOUT THIS.PLEASE TAKE SEVERE ACTION ON THIS ISSUE. The box Amazon package was very large. It is very bad, because I paid much money for more pounds this shipped. Instead of reviewing the product, which was great, I thought I would spend some time reviewing your web page. Overall it is very nice but one small error kind of ruins the whole aura of professionalism Amazon is trying to portray here. In the optional 'rate an individual attribute' section of this page is a terrible example of poor English, poor proofreading habits, and overall laziness. This kind of sloppiness is unforgiveable: Optional: Rate this item's attributes Suggest new attributes for this item Be the first to suggest attributes for this item (Optional) Does what it says Delivery time Take a lot of time to dellivery Did somebody from China write that last one or what? Hang your heads in shame Amazon... and hire a proofreader. This does not work with a Fuze in watching videos. I had converted a movie and it worked fine on another micro card, took it off to put it (with others) on this large 8gb card and would freeze the player (only thing on the card). Aparently formatting the card does not work either. Returning the card today. My Sandisk Fuze MP3 player does work with other brands of micro sdhc cards but not Kingston. Will not buy another one again. I needed a microSD card for my GPS. I though I would spend a few more dollars for a larger card - wrong. My device only works with microSD - 2 GB is the largest size for microSD. MicroSDHC is a completely different technology/format. My computer also will not recognize the microSDHC format. Be sure which format you need. Not happy with the flash card. My sole purpose was to have a Mico Flash Card that could be used in a standard SD slot on my computor. I quickly found out that it does not work with Windows XP (which I have), it only works with Windows Vista. You can only use a 2GB or smaller SD card with Windows XP. Wish I had know this on the front end. Just like the title says, it is what it is. It's a 4gb card that works. 